Solaris security suffers image problem A highly critical security hole has been reported in the X Pixmap (libXpm) technology shipped with Solaris and JDS for Linux, which could allow someone to run code on your system if a modified X Pixmmap (.xpm) image is loaded.
Is Vieri #39;s Inter career over? The chemistry between Adriano and Obafemi Martins raises questions further marks about Christian Vieri #39;s future at Inter Milan.
Wild Oats, Pathmark Warn on Results Natural and organic foods retailer Wild Oats Markets Inc. (OATS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and Pathmark Stores Inc. (PTMK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) both warned on Monday that their
Design for Living (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Patrick Whitney's cell phone drives him crazy. Its speed-dial settings do not change when he travels to another city. He can't send a message to his online calendar. It makes random calls when it gets squashed in his briefcase. Fixing these problems doesn't take new technology, he says, just better design. Whitney, 53, is the director of the Illinois Institute of Technology's Institute of Design, the largest full-time graduate school of design in the U.S.
UN Envoys Urge Restraint by Rwanda DAKAR, Senegal, Nov. 25 -- UN Security Council diplomats appealed to Rwanda for restraint Thursday after Rwandan President Paul Kagame threatened to renew Central Africa #39;s deadliest conflict, claiming his
Time for US to spank Fannie Ever since Enron collapsed, a seemingly endless parade of America #39;s largest companies have been caught manipulating their numbers, more than a few of them criminally.
ADHD parents 'are also affected' Parents of children with attention deficit  hyperactive disorder (ADHD), often show signs of the condition themselves, research has suggested.
Packers 16, Texans 13 HOUSTON There were two minutes left to play, and the Houston Texans #39; defense was in a find. The Texans were tiring, and Brett Favre (FAHRV #39;) had the ball.
Angry Shaq on Kobe:  #39;He #39;s a joke ... a clown #39; O #39;Neal lashed out at his former Los Angeles Lakers teammate again during a photo shoot in Florida.  quot;The guy #39;s a joke, quot; O #39;Neal was quoted as saying in the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel on Friday.
Celtics Expect Gary Payton to Report (AP) AP - Gary Payton's offseason was marked by a cross-country trade, a missed deadline for taking a physical and an arrest for investigation of driving under the influence. Now the people who run his new team, the Boston Celtics, are eager to see the point guard on a basketball court.
Yao Misses Game Rockets center Yao Ming was held out of the team's final preseason game with Denver on Thursday due to a hyper-extended left elbow.
A-Rod becomes a Yankee No matter how good or bad of a year Alex Rodriguez had this season in New York, his first year in pinstripes would ultimately be judged on how he performed in October.
Moody #39;s may downgrade Philippines TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Moody #39;s Investors Service said Tuesday it has placed on review for possible downgrade the Philippines #39; long-term foreign- and local currency ceilings and ratings due to concerns over the sustainability of the government #39;s fiscal and debt
Senate committee approves wireless spectrum bill The Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee approved a bill that sets a 2008 deadline for clearing broadcasters from wireless spectrum promised to public safety agencies.
D. Miller, C OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- The Oakland Athletics limp home and try to keep their hold on first place in the American League West Division when they begin a four-game set with the Seattle Mariners on Monday.
Pathan, Harbhajan hold up Aussie victory push Indian tail-enders Irfan Pathan and Harbhajan Singh held up Australia #39;s push for victory in the first test on Sunday with a defiant ninth-wicket partnership of 72.
Voices: Iranian Judo scandal Iran #39;s Judo champion, a favourite at the Athens Games, has disqualified himself rather than face an Israeli opponent, apparently on the instruction of Iran #39;s Olympic Committee. So far the International Olympic Committee has been silent. What #39;s your view? ...
Philippine Floods and Landslides Killed 32 People, AFP Says Philippine floods and landslides killed 32 people and left more than 100 towns under water or buried, Agence France-Presse reported, citing civil defense officials.
The reign has ended Vijay Singh #39;s long quest for No. 1 finally comes to fruition after he knocks off Tiger Woods on Labor Day at the TPC of Boston.
US Ryder Cup players need new incentive Golf analysts and fans will be discussing - and dissing - the US team #39;s flop for some time. Europe handed the US its worst defeat ever, 18 1/2 to 9 1/2, at Oakland Hills Country Club.
Conway or the highway What a shame that Larry Ellison and Craig Conway never got the chance to reunite for that highly anticipated exit interview. It would have been a blockbuster on pay-per-view.
Truckers defy Kathmandu blockade More lorry drivers are defying the indefinite Maoist blockade of Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, which is entering its fourth day.
Real told to dig for pride after a fall Real Madrid #39;s loss at Espanyol brought a numbing end to a miserable week whose only positive outcome has been the realisation that some soul-searching and a collective look in the mirror are overdue.
Blue Jays Beat Orioles 8-5 for Sweep (AP) AP - Eric Hinske and Vernon Wells homered, and the Toronto Blue Jays completed a three-game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles with an 8-5 victory Sunday.
Leak, Gators bounce back GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw three touchdown passes, DeShawn Wynn scored three times, and No. 22 Florida (4-2) rebounded from a home loss to LSU with a 52-16 victory over Middle Tennessee yesterday.
TRIO EXPRESS INTEREST IN WORLD CUP HOSTING The International Rugby Board today confirmed that three countries have expressed an interest in hosting the 2011 World Cup. New Zealand, South Africa and Japan are leading the race to host rugby union #39;s global spectacular in seven years #39; time.
Irish company hit by Iraqi report Shares in Irish oil company Petrel Resources have lost more than 50 of their value on a report that the firm has failed to win a contract in Iraq.
Rosales stays close to Sorenstam WEST PALM BEACH, Florida (AFP) - Jennifer Rosales matched the best solo leader Annika Sorenstam could do yesterday to stay within sight of the title halfway through the \$1 million ADT Championship.
Iran rejects order by UN energy agency to halt nuclear program TEHRAN Iran on Sunday rejected an order by the International Atomic Energy Agency to freeze its nuclear enrichment programs and warned that it would drop out of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty if its case was sent to the United Nations Security Council
E.U. Regulators Say Microsoft Had Agreed to Sanctions (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - LUXEMBOURG, Sept. 30 -- European regulators testified here Thursday that before settlement talks with Microsoft Corp. broke down last spring, the company had agreed to  antitrust sanctions that the software giant now claims would cause irreparable harm to its business and is fighting to stave off.
Iran issues nuclear warning could take drastic steps if the talks did not proceed as Tehran wants. Mehr news agency quoted him as saying on Wednesday. that could be used
NHLPA #39;s Saskin addresses issues on OTR NHLPA Senior Director Ted Saskin had a lot of issues to address on Thursday as he participated in a lockout edition off TSN #39;s Off The Record with player agent Gord Kirke, sports business writer Lou Schizas and NHL on TSN analyst Brian Burke.
Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays LONDON - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize...
Notes: Mendoza added to roster The Red Sox will make one roster change for the start of the American League Championship Series, adding a veteran reliever in Ramiro Mendoza who is no stranger to postseason
Iraq Airways heads past borders Iraqi Airways is reportedly planning to restart international flights after a 14-year break on Saturday.
Dollar Stalls as Market Awaits Greenspan The dollar barely moved on Tuesday as most investors were reluctant to take positions ahead of an address by the Federal Reserve chief that is expected to point to further rises in US interest rates this year.
All Yankees, All Red Sox All the Time ANAHEIM, Calif. - So now the Red Sox rotation, with Curt Schilling, David Wells, Tim Wakefield and likely Pedro Martinez, is as old as Fenway Park.
10:16 am: Hungary #39;s designated prime minister must wait a month &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The millionaire businessman Hungary #39;s Socialists have chosen as this country #39;s next prime minister, will have to wait a month before he can be formally
From Indymedia to the Moon: your musings in full &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; An eclectic postbag
Strike shakes crude oil costs Oil futures prices advanced to a new high Monday as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter of crude, exacerbating global supply concerns at a time of strong demand and reduced
Patent Concerns Unlikely To Nix Munich Linux Plan MonkeyDev writes  quot;Yahoo is reporting that Munich is ready to move forward with plans to  #39;abandon Microsoft Windows in favor of upstart rival Linux.
Sony to Launch Smaller PS2 Console Oct. 26-Report  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp is expected to unveil a  smaller version of its popular PlayStation 2 game console on  October 26, The Hollywood Reporter said on its Web site, citing  retailers and industry analysts.
Palestinian PM condemns Israeli raid in Nablus Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei condemned on Tuesday Israel #39;s operation in the northern West Bank town of Nablus, during which four Palestinians, including a child, were killed.
Annan 'Disappointed' in Son's Lack of Disclosure U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan said on Monday he was ""disappointed"" his son did not tell him the full story of his ties to a firm involved\in the U.N. oil-for-food program, now under investigation.
Spurrier Sees SEC Title for Gamecocks (AP) AP - Right now, life is a blur for new South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier.
We were made for running A major study of fossils by US scientists has concluded that evolution has sculpted our bodies into finely-tuned distance-running machines.
Donkeys and satellite phones pave the way for Afghan elections (AFP) AFP - Organising the first presidential election in Afghanistan, a country largely without power, roads or literacy, has required a leap of imagination that has encompassed everything from donkeys to satellite phones.
China's Inbreeding Pandas to Be Given More Space (Reuters) Reuters - China is trying to stop its pandas,\rebounding from the brink of extinction, from inbreeding by\building them a giant safari park, Xinhua news agency said on\Wednesday.
It's Crunch Time for Biotech Companies Washington area biotech companies will face pivotal moments this year, finding out whether key products work before money dries up, fending off competition from bigger companies,  and, perhaps filing to go public.&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Inside the Yukos Endgame As in so many murder mysteries, the killing of the Russian oil giant Yukos - which began last fall with the arrest of its CEO, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and could climax at any time with the firm #39;s bankruptcy or forced sale of assets -s being committed
Pepsi Drinking in Diverse Revenues After Coca-Cola reduces earnings guidance, Pepsi raises its outlook and beats Q2 estimates.
PREVIEW-Spain looking for huge improvement against Bosnia Spain coach Luis Aragones is looking for a huge improvement from his side when they begin their World Cup qualifying campaign with a tricky tie against Bosnia on Wednesday.
AL Wrap: Silva Stifles White Sox as Twins Win Again  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Carlos Silva tossed a one-hitter  before leaving the game with a bruised ankle as the Minnesota  Twins won their eighth straight game, downing the Chicago White  Sox 6-1 on Wednesday.
Deputy Director: CIA Not 'Dysfunctional' (AP) AP - Countering severe criticism of the CIA, the agency's departing deputy director called for an end to the ""tirades and hyperbole"" that he said are hampering constructive debate about needed intelligence reform.
Interview with the pornogami Grand Master &lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Zen and the art of paper-based sex
IBM expands virtual resources for business partners DECEMBER 07, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM yesterday announced virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
New Afghan Army asserts itself Rivals in western Afghanistan agreed to a cease-fire last week after the arrival of the Afghan National Army.
Study Suggests Design Flaws Didn't Doom Towers Federal investigators have largely ruled out a design flaw as a central factor in the collapse of the World Trade Center towers.
Iran agrees to stop uranium enrichment Iran has accepted a full suspension of uranium enrichment and linked activities, diplomats said Sunday. The diplomats said the Iranians apparently dropped demands to modify a tentative deal worked out last
HP invokes Adaptive Enterprise mantra Hewlett-Packard will detail enhancements to its virtualization products, the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system, and its AlphaServers this week during its HP World 2004 conference in Chicago.
Corporations too trusting of Indian security ERNST AND YOUNG #39;S the Global Information Security Survey is just the latest to survey senior management #39;s cluelessness when it comes to IT and are far too trusting when it comes to Indian outsourcing, it alleges.
Golf Capsules Tom Lehman made two eagles Saturday for a 5-under 67 that left him tied for the lead with Briny Baird in the Funai Classic at Disney.
Hollywood Writer Sues Microsoft Over Yoga Game (Reuters) Reuters - Academy Award-winning screenwriter\Roger Avary has sued Microsoft Corp. in California for\purportedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio after\the software giant sought his advice for winning over women to\videogames, his attorney said on Tuesday.
5 TDs keep Manning on pace for NFL record A dominant defensive performance and a 21-point lead left the Indianapolis Colts with precious little to fret about at halftime Sunday at the RCA Dome, save the inconsequential.
Sacked, and now they're back (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - XM Satellite Radio kicks off talk shows today featuring Bob Edwards, the husky-voiced National Public Radio star whose dismissal last spring caused an uproar from loyal listeners, and shock jocks Opie and Anthony, who were silenced two years ago after staging a stunt involving a couple having sex at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York.
Oil Up on Rosy U.S. Economic Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose close to a record high  on Tuesday on U.S. economic data showing that inflationary  pressure was held in check in July and ahead of weekly  inventory due out on Wednesday and forecast to show a draw in  crude stocks.
NFL Wrap: Bettis Sinks Bengals in Steelers Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jerome Bettis ran for 129 yards and  the Pittsburgh Steelers used a stifling defense to edge the  host Cincinnati Bengals 19-14 for their eighth straight win  Sunday.
BT And Blueprint Jointly Develop Innovative Music Distribution &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In yet another move in the legitimate digital music market, BT and Blueprint have jointly developed a new service based on Blueprints Open Royalty Gateway (ORG) and Song Centre software that allows copyright holders to take more control of their
Tearing up the UN Charter Bernstein: UN peacekeepers are now collaborating with the Haitian police and death squads, in a bloody purge of thousands of pro-democracy supporters of President Jean Bertrand Aristide.
Napster eyes ring tone market Digital music provider Napster on Thursday teamed up with Dwango Wireless, hoping to corner a slice of the booming ring tone market.
UPDATE 3-TXU raises dividend, profit forecast; shares jump TXU Corp. (TXU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised by 350 percent the dividend it slashed two years ago, boosted its earnings forecast and increased its
UN Turns to U.S. Troops to Guard Its Staff in Iraq  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations no longer  objects to American soldiers to guard its staff in Iraq after  the search for separate contingents from around the world  failed, diplomats and U.N. sources said on Wednesday.
Favre, Tice can #39;t help but admire their NFC North enemies His teammates charged onto the Lambeau Field grass like high school kids who #39;d just captured a state championship, basking in the glory of Ryan Longwell #39;s game-ending 33-yard field goal.
Matt Kenseth Busch Aaron #39;s 312 Kenseth finished 0.119 seconds ahead of runner-up Kyle Busch for his third victory of the season and 17th of his Busch career. At the 100-lap mark, Atlanta area native Reed Sorenson
Maxim Plunges, Colgate Slips in Pre-Trade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Maxim Pharmaceuticals Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAXM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MAXM.O&lt;/A&gt;  shares plunged nearly 60 percent on Monday after the company  said its experimental liver cancer drug failed to show an  improvement in patient survival rates during a clinical trial.
Vikings Sack Texans 34-28 in Overtime (AP) AP - The upstart Houston Texans proved they're never out of any game. The Minnesota Vikings and quarterback Daunte Culpepper showed them what it takes to close one out.
Microsoft skips Itanium with new Windows In yet another blow to Intel's Itanium ambitions, Microsoft says its big-server version of Windows won't run on the new chip.
U.S. Gymnasts End Rebuilding With Silver (AP) AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand.
Phillies Win Again, Cling to Playoff Hopes (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Phillies are clinging to their slim playoff hopes even if they're having trouble hanging onto fly balls.
Citigroup buys First American Bank, expands Citibank into Texas BRYAN, Texas Citibank said today that it #39;s expanding into the Texas retail banking market in a big way. New York-based parent company Citigroup says it #39;s buying Bryan-based First American Bank, which has 102 full-service branches throughout Texas.
De Bruijn, Hall retain 50m titles DEFENDING champion Inge de Bruijn of Holland won the women #39;s 50m swim final in 24.58 seconds last night. It was the 30-year-old #39;s first gold in Athens and the fourth of her career.
Double MyDoom for Internet Explorer flaw A second MyDoom offshoot is taking advantage of an unpatched security hole in Microsoft's Web browser to spread.
At least 17 dead in Baghdad blast as Fallujah fighting goes on A car bomb went off in central Baghdad Thursday, killing 17 people and injuring at least eight in a crowded commercial area, police said.
Japan Executes Man Who Killed 8 Schoolchildren  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Tuesday hanged a man convicted  of stabbing to death eight elementary school children in a  rampage that shocked the nation and severely shook its sense of  security, media said.
Colombia captures rebel 'envoy' Colombian security forces arrest a man they say  was in charge of the Farc  guerrillas' international ties.
US jobless rate falls to a modest 5.4 per cent low WASHINGTON: The US job market brightened modestly in August as employers added 144,000 workers to payrolls and weak job tallies for the two prior months were revised up, the Labour Department said yesterday.
U.S., Europe at Odds on Emissions Controls (AP) AP - Negotiators worked through the final day of a two-week U.N. conference Friday in search of a way to bring the United States back into long-term talks on controlling global warming. A key European official saw a ""50-50"" chance of compromise.
IBM Donates Voice Code to Apache IBM (Quote, Chart) is donating software for speech-enabled applications to the open source community, a move supported by more than 20 speech vendors and platform companies, including communications systems player Avaya (Quote, Chart).
Microsoft takes on desktop search Microsoft has entered the desktop search fray, releasing an initial version of software to scour a PC hard drive.
Remy International will sell its Williams Technologies unit Anderson (Star report) -- Remy International Inc. said Wednesday it has agreed to sell its US transmission remanufacturing operation, Williams Technologies Inc., to Caterpillar Inc.
Copper takes another hammering Copper prices fall for the second day running amid fears of falling demand from key markets in China and the US.
Syed Hamid: We are monitoring Darfur crisis KUALA LUMPUR: Foreign Minister Datuk Seri Syed Hamid Albar said Malaysia is closely monitoring the Darfur crisis and the United Nations (UN) Security Councils threat to impose sanctions on Sudans vital oil industry.
Sutton: Cink Proves Ryder Cup Mettle with Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton said  Monday that Stewart Cink's victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC  Invitational ""proved to the world"" he was an ideal wildcard  choice in the U.S. team.
Lava Building Up Rock at Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - More lava emerged Thursday on the crater floor of Mount St. Helens, expanding a rock formation building on the volcano's old lava dome.
German nationalists count on resentment STOLLBERG, Germany If Chancellor Gerhard Schrder wants to understand why his governing Social Democrats will lose votes Sunday in elections in the eastern German states of Brandenburg and Saxony, he need only visit the small town of Stollberg.
Sony to Launch Smaller PS2 Console Oct. 26-Report Japan #39;s Sony Corp is expected to unveil a smaller version of its popular PlayStation 2 game console on October 26, The Hollywood Reporter said on its Web site, citing retailers and industry analysts.
Dell CEO Says Considering AMD Chips for Servers (Reuters) Reuters - Dell Inc. , the No. 1 personal\computer maker and the best customer of leading computer chip\maker Intel , is mulling using rival chips from AMD\, its chief executive said on Thursday.
Lilly Shuts Down Red Sox Ted Lilly strikes out a career-high 13 in a three-hit shutout, stopping Boston's six-game winning streak and leading the Blue Jays past Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox 3-0.
MCI reports \$3.4B loss, but says it's back on track MCI reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss today, as the company's efforts to recover from bankruptcy were slowed by stiff competition in the long-distance telephone service market.
No pressure from Pak, say Kashmiri separatists New Delhi: Kashmiri separatist leaders have said that they are not under any pressure from Pakistan to be included as a third party in talks with the Centre.
Dent tops Luczak to win at China Open Taylor Dent defeated Australian qualifier Peter Luczak 6-3, 6-2 in a rain-delayed first-round match at the China Open on Tuesday. In another completed match before rain postponed play, Israel #39;s
Jiang pushes increased China-France contacts in Shanghai, meets &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI, China - French President Jacques Chirac pushed for expanded economic and academic ties in Shanghai on Monday, speaking before students at a leading university and lunching with former Chinese leader Jiang Zemin.
Expert: India Leads World in HIV Cases NEW DELHI - India has the world's largest number of HIV-infected people, the head of a top international AIDS-fighting fund said Wednesday, dismissing official figures.   ""I don't believe in the official statistics...
NCAA Game Summary - Washington at Southern California Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Matt Leinart threw a pair of touchdown passes and LenDale White ran for two scores, as No. 1 Southern California blanked Washington, 38-0, in a Pac-10 mismatch at the Coliseum.
Notebook: Browns reach back for win over Ravens As they left the tunnel, the Cleveland Browns paused to touch the 1964 championship trophy. They then played as if they want one for themselves.
Guantanamo Brit  #39;tortured #39; London - A British detainee at Guantanamo Bay claims to have been tortured by the United States, Sky news reports. Moazzam Begg says he also witnessed the deaths of two fellow detainees  quot;at the hands of US military personnel quot;.
Red Hat upgrades security Linux software maker Red Hat on Tuesday released an update to its enterprise product with security upgrades, support for IBM Power5 servers, new driver support and bug fixes.
Spain seizes 5 more ETA suspects Spanish police have arrested five suspected ETA members just days after 21 people were seized including the Basque separatist group #39;s suspected leader, officials say.
Oil Up as Ivan Threatens Oil Patch  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico braced for  output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
Ex-presidents to help with WTC memorial NEW YORK -- The four living former presidents will be honorary leaders of the World Trade Center memorial project, Gov. George Pataki announced Monday.
Microsoft #39;s Ballmer Addresses Linux, Security Joyce Plotkin, Massachusetts Software Council #39;s president, told LinuxInsider that the group regularly brings heavy hitters to its membership meetings, and that past speakers have included Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.
Intel CEO: Candidates Ignore Tech Debate Intel Corp.'s chief executive on Tuesday decried the lack of attention by the presidential nominees to how the United States is losing its competitive edge over other nations on education, technological infrastructure and research and development.
Govt aims to raise FDI to GDP ratio to 22 in 3 years ISLAMABAD: Waseem Haqqie, chairman Board of Investment (BoI) said Wednesday that the government aims to enhance the ratio of foreign direct investment (FDI) to GDP from 18 percent to 22 percent in the next three years.
Teenage worm whiz gets IT security job A young German man believed to be responsible for writing 70 per cent of all computer viruses received in the first half of this year has been given a job in IT security.
Update 1: Interbrew Shareholders Back Ambev Linkup Shareholders of Belgian brewer Interbrew SA gave unanimous backing Friday to the linkup of their family company with Brazil #39;s Ambev to form the world #39;s largest brewer by volume.
Supreme Court to Decide Cable Internet Case (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court said on\Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to\high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable\companies like Time Warner Inc., a key case that could decide\whether such lines must be opened to competitors.
Bears waive Gandy, activate Colombo Chicago Bears offensive lineman Mike Gandy was waived Monday after starting five games for the team this season and 30 over the past three seasons.
House Panel OKs Copyright, Spyware Bills  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hackers who secretly install  ""spyware"" on others' computers and Internet users who copy  movies and music without permission could face up to three  years in prison under bills that advanced in Congress on  Wednesday.
Front-Porch Chat: Birth of a Kerry Campaign Tactic John Kerry has held 10 ""front porch visit"" events  an actual front porch is optional  where perhaps 100 people ask questions in a low-key campaigning style.
NCAA Game Summary - San Jose State At Santa Clara Santa Clara, CA -- Doron Perkins scored a game-high 18 points to lead the Santa Clara Broncos to a 73-60 victory over the San Jose State Spartans in a non-league affair.
Dokic Dumped Out of China Open in First Round  BEIJING (Reuters) - Jelena Dokic ran true to the miserable  form she has shown this season, falling 6-3, 6-0 to Thailand's  Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of the China Open  Tuesday.
This Fannie needs a serious spanking Robert Reich, former secretary of labor in the Clinton administration, is the author of  quot;Reason: Why Liberals Will Win the Battle for America.
Google engineers new scholarly search Google Inc., the leader in online search engines, is setting out to make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web.
Dubai to enter US cargo security program The United Arab Emirates is the first country in the Middle East to participate in a US program intended to safeguard sea cargo from terrorists, US customs officials said Sunday.
Netflix Girds for DVD Rental Price War The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. - a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Funner e-worm no joke p2pnet.net News:- A three-day problem with MSN Messengers had nothing to do with Funner, the newest e-bug to bite Microsoft.  quot;MSN Messenger, Microsoft #39;s instant message service, is back up and running this
Czechs Mark 15th Anniversary of Uprising (AP) AP - Evoking decades of repressive rule, Czechs took to the streets for concerts and speeches by former dissidents Wednesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution that ended communism.
Adobe: Health strong overall, despite quarterly drop Sequential revenue and profit declines had been widely expected; year-over-year growth robust.
New US tariffs on shrimp from China, Vietnam may help US shrimpers Some Chinese shrimp exporters will have to pay discouragingly hefty tariffs of more than 100 percent if they want their products to appear on American dinner tables, the Commerce Department ruled Tuesday.
Devils Sign LW Dean McAmmond to AHL Deal (AP) AP - The New Jersey Devils signed veteran left wing Dean McAmmond to a contract to play with Albany of the AHL.
Web Aids Search for the Right -- or Left -- Mate The run-up to the U.S.\presidential election is casting the spotlight on a new crop of\Web sites for political-minded singles who are seeking Mr. or\Ms. Right ... or Left.
Regulator Wants Riggs Records on Jet, London Apartment  London's Savoy Court Apartments are counted among Britain's most exclusive private residences. And No. 6 was among the most lavishly appointed.
Americans Try to Regain the Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Vijay Singh and Mike Weir provided a preview of the Ryder Cup, even though neither of them will be playing at Oakland Hills this week.
Shiite Militia Fighters Start Turning in Weapons in Baghdad Followers of radical cleric Moqtada Sadr trickled in to police stations in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district to hand in weapons today under a deal seen as a key step toward ending weeks of fighting with US and Iraqi forces in the Shiite militant stronghold.
Canadian gold rush: Thornton key to downing Finland Today may be a dark day for Canada and its national sport, but the country #39;s favorite sons lit up the night last evening. On the eve of an almost certain National Hockey League lockout
Athletes Return to Olympia Home After 1,611 Years (Update3) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympia, home of the Olympics for more than 12 centuries, hosted a track and field event for the first time in 1,611 years when the shot-putters of the Athens Games arrived at Greece #39;s most sacred sporting site.
Dollar Near Lows on Players' Data Nerves  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar barely moved off recent lows  on Thursday after soft manufacturing data left traders nervous  of building positions ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the  week.
Vatican Gives Schedule of Pope's Next Trip (AP) AP - Two days after a grueling papal pilgrimage which left some wondering if Pope John Paul II could still travel, the Vatican on Tuesday announced details of the ailing pontiff's next trip.
BHP Billiton approves \$1.6 bln copper, iron ore projects MELBOURNE - BHP Billiton Ltd./Plc. (BHP.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) (BLT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest miner, has approved a \$990 million copper project in northern Chile and a \$575
Cognizant 3Q Profit Jumps 63 Percent Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp., a provider of software maintenance services, said Tuesday that third-quarter profit rose 63 percent as sales jumped 58 percent.
EU blasts US pullout from air subsidy deal BRUSSELS (AFP) - The European Commission condemned Friday a unilateral US decision to terminate a 1992 accord on trans-Atlantic air subsidies, saying the move was invalid and therefore the deal remained in force.
Kmart, Sears Merger Could Change Low-Cost Shopping CHICAGO -- Two companies famous for blue-light specials and monstrous catalogs are joining forces to become the third-largest retailer in the United States.
Baseball in DC, Angelos likely smiling Peter G. Angelos could sell the Baltimore Orioles for almost \$200 million more than he paid for the team 11 years ago under terms of a deal he is negotiating with Major League Baseball to compensate him for the Montreal Expos moving to Washington
Viruses Aimed at Microsoft Rise Sharply-Symantec (Reuters) Reuters - The number of new viruses and\worms aimed at Microsoft Corp.'s  ubiquitous Windows\operating system rose 400 percent between January and June from\the same year-earlier period, leading computer security company\Symantec said on Sunday.
NL Wrap: 326th Victory for Clemens as Astros Win Again  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens landed his 326th career  victory to earn the Houston Astros a franchise record-tying  12th straight win, a 5-2 decision over the Cincinnati Reds in  the National League (NL) Wednesday.
Genesis Samples Arrive at Space Center Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project #39;s curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle
Australian Stocks Advance, Paced by Woodside Petroleum, BHP Australian stocks rose for the first day in three, paced by oil producers such as Woodside Petroleum Ltd. after crude oil climbed to a record amid concern that hurricane damage in North America will disrupt supply.
Day one goes to rain, Australia A match that assumed grave importance for India as a face saver of sorts has been cut short due to rain. The day was marked by rain and more rain and the only time the umpires decided to start play led to
Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep in 400 ATHENS, Greece - Jeremy Wariner is just 20 years old. He just led a U.S...
Thatcher waits to be questioned Sir Mark Thatcher is waiting to find out when he will be questioned over his alleged involvement in an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Retailers' Nov. Same-Store Sales Sluggish  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Major U.S. retailers reported tepid  November sales on Thursday, as discounting lured customers, but  high energy prices and nagging concerns about a soggy job  market kept buying in check.
Lilly Launches Clinical Trial Web Site Drug maker Eli Lilly and Co. reported Wednesday that it launched its clinical trial database Web site after announcing its intention to create the site in August.
Kraft Foods confirms plans to sell sugar candy biz NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Kraft Foods Inc. has confirmed an agreement to sell substanially all of its sugar confectionary business to Wm.
Greece admits fiddling euro entry Greece has admitted it joined the euro in 2001 on the basis of figures that showed its budget deficit to be much lower than it really was.
Optimism in London, carnage in Iraq The second Iraq war, between coalition forces and insurgents, is now under way in what has become the  quot;crucible quot; of the global war on terrorism, Tony Blair declared yesterday
Sox have off-night in Seattle Much to their chagrin, the Red Sox were long overdue for a game like this. All the elements that had been so reliable during this riveting stretch of baseball decided to
Space tourism legislation makes comeback After weathering the ups and downs of the lame-duck legislative process, legislation that would open the way for suborbital space tourism was cleared by the House and sent on to the Senate for final congressional approval.
European Download Services Go Mobile (Reuters) Reuters - The ability to download complete\tracks directly over cell-phone networks to mobile phones is\becoming a reality in Europe.
Germany, Argentina hold no fear for Socceroos MATCHES against soccer powerhouses Germany and Argentina await the Socceroos at the Confederations Cup next year in what they hope will be a dress rehearsal for the 2006 World Cup finals.
News: WorldPay struggles under DDoS attack (again) WorldPay, the Royal Bank of Scotland's internet payment transaction outfit, is continuing to fight a sustained internet attack which has left its services largely unavailable for a third successive day.\
Justin Merriman/Tribune-Review Adam Striegel, a 23-year-old senior at the University of Pittsburgh, went on a field trip this past spring to study rocks. This week, Striegel revels in the fame that comes with discovering the skull of a
Someone Hacked Into Purdue's Computers (AP) AP - Someone gained unauthorized access to Purdue's computer network, prompting school officials to urge all students, staff and faculty to change their passwords.
Giants to Keep Bonds for at Least Two More Seasons  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Barry Bonds will chase the  all-time home run record as a San Francisco Giants player after  the team dropped its option to void the final year of the  slugger's contract in 2006.
Actuate Joins Eclipse; Starts Open Source BI Project Actuate Corp. announced that it has joined the Eclipse Foundation, the organization focused on delivering an open source development environment, and has launched a new Eclipse project to focus on open-source business intelligence and reporting tools.
IPod Helps Lift Apple #39;s Fourth-Quarter Profit Apple Computer Inc. reported yesterday that profit in its fourth fiscal quarter jumped 140 percent from the comparable quarter last year.
Telemarketer allegedly made more than 300,000 illegal calls Federal prosecutors are charging a Las Vegas company with making more than 300,000 telemarketing calls to consumers on the national do-not-call list.
Loeb relieved to clinch title in Corsica World rally champion Sebastien Loeb says he is relieved to have secured the title in Corsica on Sunday, sparing him a nervous wait for his first crown.
Web business standard gets thumbs up The ratification of Universal Business Language could make it easier for big companies to share documents.
QRS Jilts JDA, Teams with Inovis With little more than a month left for JDA Software Group Inc. to close on its \$100 million acquisition of QRS Corp., QRS pulled the plug on the deal in favor of a \$116 million acquisition by Inovis International Inc.
Business ; Bank Rate remains untouched in RBI #39;s annual credit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Business News, Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India announced its busy season credit policy today. While it kept Bank Rate untouched at six percent, inflation forecast was raised from 5 to 6.5 percent.
Olympic heroes on parade in London Britains 2004 Olympic and Paralympic medallists will take part in a parade through central London this lunch time. Beginning near the Ritz Hotel in Piccadilly at around 1.30pm, the parade - which includes
Two More Top Nokia Execs Exit  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NOK1V.HE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday the  head of its networks unit had resigned and another top networks  executive left, in the second major shake-up of top management  in two weeks at the world's top mobile phone maker.
NL Wrap: Ramirez Lifts Cubs Over Astros After Wood Exit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer  as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher  Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in  Houston on Sunday.
EU clears way for PeopleSoft takeover The European Commission said Tuesday that it has approved Oracle Corp. #39;s \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc., removing the last antitrust obstacle to the hostile takeover attempt.
Death toll soars to 322 in Russia school siege BESLAN, Russia -- Hundreds of children, their parents, and teachers died in the bloody culmination of a 52-hour siege that began when heavily armed Muslim guerrillas stormed their school Wednesday and ended in hours of battle with Russian troops Friday.
Retailer to follow RFID test with full rollout Germany's Metro Group tested radio tag inventory control for a year and found it good enough to deploy--but not perfect.
Game Day: So much on the line PITTSBURGH - Banged up and perhaps emotionally drained, the Steelers (11-1) can set records and clinch a division title today by beating the New York Jets (9-3) in a 4 o #39;clock game at Heinz Field.
Group to lobby Ford over Jaguar Jaguar workers will lobby Ford bosses at the Paris Motor Show over the threatened closure of the Browns Lane plant.
Walkout Ends for GM Workers 10/21/04- The assembly line began is rolling again at a General Motors plant in western Germany. More than two-thirds of the workers there have decided to end a 6-day walkout protesting the threat of job cuts.
Everton rejects Rooney bids from Man Utd, Newcastle Everton said Thursday it has rejected Manchester United #39;s bid for star striker Wayne Rooney and Newcastle #39;s revised offer for the same player.
Halo 2 Pirated Word is flooding the internet this morning that copies of the highly anticipated Halo 2 have been pirated and are appearing on newsgroups and peer-to-peer networks as of Wednesday night.
Sharapova comes out a winner in China Open semifinal Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova set up an intriguing semi-final showdown with fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova at the China Open after her opponent Jelena Jankovic retired hurt on Friday with an ankle injury.
Ground Zero, the Long View The main attraction at the Project Rebirth Web site is the time-lapse photography capturing the rebuilding at ground zero.
ABC Apologizes ABC apologizes Tuesday for a steamy intro to ""Monday Night Football"" after receiving complaints from viewers and the NFL.
Sony Ericsson posts 45 rise in profit Sony Ericsson, the Swedish-Japanese maker of cellphones, posted a 45 percent rise in net profit in the third quarter as a broadened product mix and the success of its camera phones bolstered sales.
John Deere, iRobot team on military vehicle BOSTON -- In a pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere disclosed plans yesterday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
Editor of Russia #39;s Izvestia steps down The editor of Russia #39;s respected Izvestia daily said Monday he was stepping down in a dispute with his publisher over the paper #39;s critical coverage of the school hostage standoff
Microstrategy President and CFO Resigns MicroStrategy, which makes business\intelligence software, said Tuesday that Eric Brown resigned as\president and chief financial officer in order to become CFO at\McAfee Inc. which makes system security products.
Katie Smith tears cartilage; disappointment for Serbia  amp; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - US women #39;s basketball player Katie Smith will miss the remainder of the Olympics after an MRI exam revealed torn cartilage in her right knee.
Delta Air Lines Sees Loss Mushrooming (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.  on Friday\forecast a much wider third-quarter loss than Wall Street had\estimated because of weak domestic fares and a spike in fuel\costs, driven by record-high oil prices.
Let #39;s talk to Assad Ariel Sharon should meet with Bashar Assad. Although Syria has not expelled the terror groups from Damascus, how could Assad be worse than Mahmoud Abbas, with whom Sharon is willing to meet, as Newsweek reported this week?
Explosion in Islamabad's Marriott hotel, injuries: hotel employee (AFP) AFP - Several people were injured in a  quot;big quot; explosion at the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital of Islamabad, a hotel employee told AFP.
Twelve UN Agencies Warn of Deep Crisis in Gaza Twelve United Nations agencies working in Gaza today stated that the ongoing violence on top of the sharply deteriorating humanitarian situation this year is pushing the Palestinian population into a deep crisis.
Commander of sub tells of ordeal; says Saunders was overcome with smoke (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GLASGOW (CP) - The weary captain and crew of the stricken HMCS Chicoutimi told tales of heroism, fear and survival Monday in their first public recounting of the fire aboard their sub, with some expressing wonderment that they lived to tell of their ordeal.
Critical Keegan charged by the FA LONDON, England -- Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association with verbally abusing referee Steve Dunn after his side #39;s 4-3 defeat at Newcastle.
London's penniless Tate Gallery welcomes gifts,legacies (AFP) AFP - British artists Damien Hirst and David Hockney are to make gifts of some of their paintings to the Tate Gallery in London, which can no longer afford such works, its director Nicholas Serota said.
Apple unveils new iBook Apple yesterday unveiled what it calls the  quot;the fastest, most affordable iBook G4 ever. quot; The new iBook features built-in AirPort Extreme 54 Mbps 802.
Japan Stocks Flat After Wall Street  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average was flat in  mid-morning trade on Wednesday, bolstered by bargain-hunting of  a number of blue-chip stocks after U.S. stocks showed  resilience despite a rise in oil prices to new highs.
RPA condemns killing of Tabara Commanders of the Revolutionary Proletarian Army (RPA) immediately condemned the killing of their leader, Arturo Tabara, chairman of the Rebolusyonaryong Partido ng Manggagawa
Pope Condemns Unethical Science, Cloning CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy - Pope John Paul (news - web sites) II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity #39;s speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning.
News Corp. Poised to Change Constitution News Corp. said Wednesday it may change its constitution to appease Australian investors still undecided about its proposed move to the United States.
UCLA 70, Purdue 64 Sophomore guard Noelle Quinn scored 23 points, and three teammates also finished in double figures as No. 25 UCLA defeated No. 14 Purdue, 70-64, in a nonconference game Sunday at Pauley Pavilion.
Claims for Gulf Environment Damage Exorbitant-Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq on Tuesday accused Kuwait and other\neighbors of inflating their already massive claims for\environmental damage due to its 1990 invasion and the Gulf War.
Oh, Christmas Tree For the past five years, Margaret and Phillip Moore have been making the three-hour drive up from Atlanta to choose and cut their own Christmas tree from Ds Trees, a farm located on Cane Creek in Cullowhee.
Israel trade unions call general strike for Tuesday JERUSALEM: Israel #39;s Histadrut trade union confederation has called a general strike for Tuesday which is expected to paralyze banks in addition to the entire public sector, army radio reported.
Yanks Go Up 2-0; Cardinals Win Opener New York Yankees starter Jon Lieber, center, hands off the ball to manager Joe torre, left, as he leaves the game against the Boston Red Sox in the in the 8th inning of the game 2 of the American League championship series at Yankee Stadium in New York
Burnout offers racing with attitude The latest instalment of the Burnout gaming franchise offers a good mix of speed and attitude.
Team Uses Biotech to Build a Better Turkey (AP) AP - Most of the turkeys gracing the nation's dinner tables Thursday have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations that simply walking can be a problem for many of the big-breasted birds and sex is no longer possible.
Hostage Crises Rivet Britain And Italy, But No Solutions In Sight Britain is ruling out negotiations with the captors of Kenneth Bigley, the only surviving member of the trio of American and British contractors taken hostage in Iraq last week.
Cheney Due to Lash Into Kerry in Speech NEW YORK - Vice President Dick Cheney was stepping up to denounce Democrat John Kerry's ""confusion of conviction"" after President Bush formally won the Republican nomination for a second term in a carefully choreographed GOP convention roll call.    The second day of the convention brought out thousands of protesters who set out on a march to the convention site, getting in the way of a busload of delegates and engaging in shouting matches with officers around Manhattan...
Macs do Star Wars dirty work Painstaking effort and computer power went into cleaning up the original Star Wars trilogy for its DVD release.
Harrington Shows Form to Win German Masters  COLOGNE, Germany (Reuters) - Ireland's Padraig Harrington  demonstrated his return to form five days before the Ryder Cup,  with victory in the German Masters on Sunday.
HK democrats vow to fight for universal suffrage By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Hong Kong Correspondent Roland Lim. HONG KONG : Hong Kong #39;s democrats have vowed to continue to push for Beijing to grant universal suffrage to the territory, despite their disappointing showing in Sunday #39;s local elections.
Charity boss kidnapped in Iraq A director of an international charity in Iraq has been kidnapped as she was being driven to work in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, a British-born Iraqi national, was abducted in the capital, CARE International UK said in London.
Oracle beats experts Fresh off a surprising legal victory in its bid to acquire PeopleSoft, Oracle reported a 16 percent jump in profit Tuesday, beating Wall Street #39;s estimate by a penny.
Ailing Arafat Goes to Paris for Treatment (AP) AP - An ailing Yasser Arafat  #151; too weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  #151; agreed to leave his battered West Bank compound for the first time in more than two years and fly to Paris for urgent medical treatment.
VW and unions begin a new round of talks HANNOVER, Germany Senior negotiators from Volkswagen and its main union entered another round of negotiations on Tuesday as they worked to reach a cost-cutting contract and head off the first comprehensive strike at the automaker #39;s factories in western
Condi Gets Her Shot She argued the hard-liners' case on Iraq. But the next Secretary of State remains an ideological puzzle
Jets' Moss Probable for Sunday  HEMPSTEAD, N.Y., (Sports Network) - New York Jets wide  receiver Santana Moss is probable for Sunday's AFC East  showdown against the red-hot New England Patriots. Both teams  are undefeated and will square off at Gillette Stadium in  Foxboro, MA.
College Basketball: Miss. State Beats South Alabama  STARKVILLE, Miss. (Sports Network) - Lawrence Roberts  scored 19 points and pulled down 13 rebounds to lead  15th-ranked Mississippi State to a 66-52 victory over South  Alabama at Humphrey Coliseum.
Can Lebanon weather possible economic sanctions? BEIRUT: Will Lebanon be able to weather any possible US and European economic sanctions in the future if the US Security Council pushed for sanctions against this country in the coming months?
Shell Files Suit to Block Oil Workers in Nigeria Strike Dutch oil giant Shell has asked a Nigerian court to block oil workers from joining a nationwide labor strike set to begin November 16.
Prayer Breakfast Draws Strong Tech Turnout A growing number of technology executives believe that their Christianity should be part of their work as well as their private lives.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
#39;Google #39; Your Cluttered Computer Online search-engine leader Google is targeting the computer hard drive with software that promises to scour the clutter of documents, e-mails, instant messages and other stored files.
United asks court to impose pay cut Union workers may face a 23 percent slash in pay; United says it needs cash reserves. United Airways asked a bankruptcy judge to impose a 23 percent pay cut on its union workers, including pilots and attendants.
Wales 66 - 7 Romania The scoreline might suggest otherwise, but the Wales coach Mike Ruddock has been left with a headache after his side romped to victory last night.
Visual Studio Aims At Structuring The Software Development Process Visual Studio 2005 Team System will try to include features that make it more likely that what the developers know in their hearts also is visible to managers.
Hurricane Charley Tears Into Outback  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Outback Steakhouse Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OSI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;OSI.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said it lost about 130 operating days and up to \$2  million in revenue because it had to close some restaurants in  the South due to Hurricane Charley.
New pathogens, mercury threaten Great Lakes, health of millions of residents (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - New antibiotic-resistant pathogens, airborne mercury and urban sprawl are threatening the health of the Great Lakes and millions of people who live around the bodies of fresh water, a report to the Canadian and U.S. governments concludes.
Boston bats put hurting on Brown At the time, the decision to start Kevin Brown seemed to make the most sense. It turned out to be an unmitigated disaster.
Jakarta blast: Manny #39;s amazing recovery THREE weeks ago, photographs of an unconscious Elisabeth Musu bleeding from her wounds were flashed around the world. Yesterday afternoon, the survivor of last month #39;s Jakarta bomb blast smiled for the camera
Pierce, Rochus post wins Maria Sharapova #39;s drive to win another grand slam tennis title was dashed when the Wimbledon champion lost to Mary Pierce 4-6 6-2 6-3 in the third round of the US Open on Saturday.
Safety Net (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - After earning a PH.D. in Sociology, Danny Bazil Riley started to work as the general manager at a commercial real estate firm at an annual base salary of  #36;70,000. Soon after, a financial planner stopped by his desk to drop off brochures about insurance benefits available through his employer. But, at 32, ""buying insurance was the furthest thing from my mind,"" says Riley.
Home Depot Profit Rises on Services, Pros  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailing leader Home  Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by sales in its  installed and professional businesses.
Second coming at Spa The Belgians must be proud. The reinstated and, looking at the new Bus Stop chicane, one might say reincarnated Spa proved its worth on Sunday with an enthralling, magnificently dramatic race - certainly the best of the year so far.
US IT Spending to Grow 7 Next Year Consistent with the cyclical nature of IT spending, where periods of digestion and refinement follow periods of heavy technology investment, Forrester Research Inc.
iPass Adds In-Flight Access To Portfolio Communications aggregator iPass said Monday that it is adding in-flight Internet access to its access portfolio. Specifically, iPass said it will add access offered by Connexion by Boeing to its list of access providers.
Verizon Wireless debuts new Internet service The service, called BroadbandAccess, allows Verizon Wireless customers to download data to mobile devices at the same speed provided by a broadband connection at a work or home computer.
It's Dungy's turn to play defense Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy is often characterized as the individual on the NFL's Competition Committee most responsible for getting the 5-yard chuck rule enforced this season. But in a conference call with Patriots media yesterday, Dungy said that wasn't the case.
Users look to ease SAN adoption OCTOBER 26, 2004 (NETWORK WORLD) - Installing and configuring storage-area network technology has gotten simpler as companies such as Dell Inc.
Singh #39;s record breaking season continues Vijay Singhs sensational, record-breaking year continued at the weekend when he won the 84 Lumber Classic at the Mystic Rock course in Pennsylvania, his eighth win of the 2004 US PGA Tour season.
Defeat of Panathinaikos would put Arsenal in comfort zone Arsenal plan to shore up their defence for the visit of Panathinaikos knowing victory on Tuesday would go a long way to ensuring their qualification for the next stage of the Champions League.
Passengers face more delays British Airways has cancelled four domestic flights as the effects of yesterday #39;s problems continued to disrupt operations from Heathrow.
Britons Face US Trial over Enron Fraud Three British bankers accused of a multi-million pound fraud involving Enron officials should be tried in the United States, a court ruled today.
Oil Falls Below \$46 to 8-Week Low  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices tumbled again on Monday to an  8-week low under \$46 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the  United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch.
UK Ad Firm WPP Wins Bid for U.S. Rival (Reuters) Reuters - British advertising company WPP  said on\Sunday it won an auction for U.S. rival Grey Global, with what\sources familiar with the matter said was a cash-and-stock deal\worth about  #36;1.34 billion.
Update 2: CalPERS Ousts Harrigan As Its President The nation #39;s largest public pension fund fired its president Wednesday following a tumultuous year in which he became an outspoken advocate for reform in the board rooms of corporate America.
Somali MPs Vote for President, Counting Starts  NAIROBI (Reuters) - Somali officials began counting votes  cast by lawmakers Sunday in a presidential election aimed at  returning national government to the chaotic Horn of Africa  state for the first time in 13 years.
Mira Behind the Molecules Among the stellar class known as red giants, Mira stars provide seventy-five percent of our galaxy's molecules including water vapor. These red giants pulsate as fast as every few months to years with their brightness varying by ten times during a cycle.
Wal-Mart Says November Sales Fell Short of Forecast; Rose 0.7 Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, estimated November sales at US stores open at least a year rose about 0.7 percent, less than its forecast, as the company scaled back
Money Funds Tumble to  #36;825.62B This Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;3.01 billion in the latest week to  #36;825.62 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
Cochlear Implants Recalled For Malfunction Risk WASHINGTON -- A worldwide recall has been issued for two brands of cochlear implants. The recall only includes the estimated 440 devices that have not yet been implanted.
New Windows Planned for 2006 Microsoft Corp. announced yesterday that it will leave out some planned features from its next major operating system to meet a goal of rolling out a new version of Windows in the second half of 2006. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
A loss for every rape victim M ost people are relieved to stop hearing the ugly story about the alleged rape of a 19-year-old hotel worker by a popular NBA star.
US military denies Saddam on hunger strike Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein was not on a hunger strike, the US military said Sunday. File video footage released on December 14, 2004 shows Saddam Hussein having his
Next Windows Version: 2006 Target Microsoft said on Friday it will ship the next version of Windows in 2006, but scaled back plans to include a new system for finding and storing information in its flagship operating system.
FDA to Inspect Boston Scientific Stent Plant -WSJ NEW YORK (Reuters) - The US Food and Drug Administration expects to inspect Boston Scientific Corp. #39;s Galway, Ireland factory in the  quot;near future quot; as part of its probe into the company #39;s coronary stent recall, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.
Soccer: Big Names Through to UEFA Cup Group Stage Most of the big names advanced safely to the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup after a frantic night #39;s action Thursday, though Parma, Real Zaragoza and particularly Rangers, cut it fine.
Lycos' anti-spam screensaver draws fire A screensaver developed by Lycos Europe that gives spammers a dose of their own medicine is attracting plenty of attention, but not all of it good.
MLB Players Open to Changes in Steroids Testing  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Major League Baseball  Players Association announced Tuesday it would work toward a  new agreement with owners for tougher steroid testing.
Canas, Lopez advance to CA Trophy final Guillermo Canas of Argentina will play Feliciano Lopez of Spain in the final of the CA Trophy after straight sets victories Saturday.
CALIPH OF COLOGNE BACK IN TURKEY A leading Turkish militant known as the Caliph of Cologne has arrived in Istanbul after he was deported from Germany to face trial for allegedly attempting to overthrow Turkeys secular government.
2 Airlines #39; New Cuts Target Executives US Airways intends to slash its executive payroll by 20 percent, reducing the pay and benefits for its 3,000 managers and eliminating some positions, sources familiar with the plan said yesterday.
Snow says US committed to reducing budget deficit (AFP) AFP - US Treasury Secretary John Snow said that Washington was committed to reducing its budget deficit, which he acknowledged was  quot;too large quot;.
Woods takes early lead at Dunlop Phoenix Tiger Woods overcame soggy conditions to fire a 5-under 65 for a three-stroke lead Thursday after the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix.
Spat at, criticised, but Jose Mourinho has th last laugh AYEAR ago Porto were champions of Europe and Jose Mourinho was their hero. Their champion. This morning, many of those fans were at Stamford Bridge.
SEA CITY IS FOUND AN expedition to find the lost city of Atlantis claim they have discovered evidence of man-made structures submerged in the sea between Cyprus and Syria.
US Space Agency Chief Resigns After Presiding Over Major Changes The head of the US space agency, NASA, has resigned after a tumultuous three years in office that included the loss of a space shuttle and its seven astronauts.
Hughes: I had to join Rovers New Blackburn manager Mark Hughes admitted today the job was an opportunity he  quot;couldn #39;t afford to miss quot;. Hughes was appointed last night following a few hours of negotiations
IBM to Sell PC Business to Lenovo? Lenovo Computers, Chinas largest computer maker, said it is in acquisition talks with a major technology company - at the same time that IBM says it is in talks with a major Chinese player to sell its PC making business.
Russia hails settlement of territorial problem with China Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Sunday the understanding on border issues with China  quot;helped to remove serious irritants in bilateral relations, quot;Russian media reported.
PalmOne moves to ease Treo 650 memory gripes In an effort to address customer complaints about the Treo 650 #39;s memory capacity, handheld maker PalmOne will provide a software update for the smart phone #39;s memory.
Yasser Arafat #39;s unrelenting journey The world watches the unfolding drama as the man who has become the symbol for Palestinian nationalism seems to hover between life and death.
UN forces patrol Monrovia, Liberia UN forces have been deployed to restore calm in Liberia #39;s capital of Monrovia where sectarian violence sparked widespread looting and destruction.
Sysco Corp.'s 4Q Profit Up 16 Percent Sysco's fiscal fourth-quarter profit rose 16 percent due to an extra week in the quarter, customer-service initiatives and operating efficiency.
England beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets BULAWAYO, Zimbabwe (AFP) - England beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets in the third one-day international at the Queens Sports Club to take an unbeatable 3-0 lead in the four-match series.
Photo by Lloyd Francis Jr./Federal Times The Office of Personnel Management must tackle many major challenges in the coming months, both in its role as agencies human resources adviser and in improving internal operations.
Stocks Flat as Oil, Retail Sales Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Tuesday as concerns over higher oil prices damaging corporate  profits weighed on investor sentiment, while a dip in retail  sales also dampened the mood.
Disney Directors on Trial for a Payout Directors of the Walt Disney Company went on trial Wednesday on shareholder accusations that they rubber-stamped a decision by the chief executive, Michael D. Eisner
Schu OK after crash Formula One champion Michael Schumacher escaped uninjured yesterday after a high-speed crash during a testing session. Schumacher #39;s Ferrari was seriously damaged in the crash, which was
Astros turn to Oswalt for crucial game SAN FRANCISCO - Roy Oswalt will have to overcome a rib injury and Barry Bonds to become the first 19-game winner in the National League.
Sudanese president accuses US of arming Darfur rebels Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir accused the United States of training and arming the rebels in the western Darfur region, Egypt #39;s Al-Ahram newspaper said Thursday.
Cassini takes a close-up look at Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan PASADENA, Calif. - The theory that Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan has oceans or seas of liquid methane and ethane faced its best test yet Tuesday.
Arctic Thaw Threatens People, Polar Bears  OSLO (Reuters) - Global warming is heating the Arctic  almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that  threatens millions of livelihoods and could wipe out polar  bears by 2100, an eight-nation report said on Monday.
Guard Supervisor Wrote to Bush's Father WASHINGTON - A packet of Texas Air National Guard records released Friday showed that the commanding officer of President Bush's basic training unit took a special interest in him as a trainee and wrote to his father to praise him. Democrats called that proof of preferential treatment...
Yellow Roadway Raises Profit Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yellow Roadway Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;YELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday raised its third-quarter earnings outlook, citing  higher prices for its trucking services and better cost  controls.
Foster #39;s defends its ALH spin-off FOSTER #39;S Group chief executive Trevor O #39;Hoy has defended the handling of last year #39;s sale of Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality ahead of likely attacks on the Foster #39;s board at today #39;s annual meeting in Melbourne.
Fincke #39;s space odyssey in its final day Emsworth #39;s Mike Fincke returns to Earth on Saturday, six months after leaving for the space voyage he had dreamed of since he was a young boy.
Yahoo! wants a slice of Desktop Search Market It is almost weird to see these big corporations trying to enter a field so soon one after the other that was ruled by small companies just few weeks ago.
Is portable video ready for prime-time viewing? A few years ago, when MP3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: What if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs, home video and still pictures in a high-tech box svelte enough
Yahoo to launch its own music player com September 17, 2004, 3:25 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Experts Warn of Security Flaws in Alternative Browsers Secunia issued a warning that the so-called tabbed browsing function in many alternative Web browsers from Mozilla, Opera, Netscape, Avant, Camino and others leave users vulnerable to spoofed
Putin, As School Toll Tops 350, Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an ""all-out war"" by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.    Putin went on national television to tell Russians they must mobilize against terrorism...
U.S. Health Insurance Costs Soar, Workers Hit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Health insurance premiums rose five  times faster than U.S. workers' salaries this year, according  to a survey released on Thursday that also showed slippage in  the percentage of American workers covered by employer health  plans.
Breeders #39; gets list of entries Pleasantly Perfect, defending champion in the \$4 million Classic, was among 101 horses listed in pre-entries announced yesterday for the 21st edition of the Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships on Oct.
Pacers' Bender Out Indefinitely with Knee Injury (Reuters) Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward\Jonathan Bender will be out indefinitely due to his chronically\injured left knee.
Umpire Leaves Game Umpire Ed Montague was in good condition at a hospital after leaving Sunday's game between the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers because of high blood pressure.
U.S. to Urge China to Push for More N.Korea Talks  BEIJING (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell will  urge China Monday to exert its influence over North Korea to  resume six-party negotiations on scrapping its suspected  nuclear weapons program.
Sony May Open Stores, Worrying Retailers (AP) AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles.
Bush Must OK Clinton's Document Release (AP) AP - Former President Clinton will have to ask President Bush for permission to release thousands of domestic-policy records from his two terms in the White House, officials at Clinton's presidential library said Friday.
Bush says finding bin Laden is not main aim of war on terror (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush said that finding Osama bin Laden is not the principle aim of the war on terror.
Tiny Telescope Detects a Giant Planet (Reuters) Reuters - A tiny telescope has spotted a giant\planet circling a faraway star, using a technique that could\open a new phase of planetary discovery, scientists said on\Tuesday.
Water sinks Appleby #39;s chances of Open title Stuart Appleby #39;s golf game was a notch away from its best and that was the difference between winning and finishing second at the Australian Open golf tournament here yesterday.
Russian Move Clears Way to Bring Kyoto Into Force (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.
Russia Reportedly Collects Most of Yukos 2000 Tax Bill Russian officials are reported to have collected most of the tax debt that the troubled oil firm Yukos owes for the year 2000. A Justice Ministry official was quoted Wednesday as saying bailiffs have collected \$2.
Where the Game Is the Medium The co-founder of game producer WildTangent Inc. is a booming bear of a man who clobbers you with one grand pronouncement after another. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Schilling Will Not Start Game 5  BOSTON (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling  will not start Game 5 of the American League Championship  Series against the New York Yankees, if it goes that far,  because of his ankle injury.
Valencia pounds Deportivo, goes to top of table Valencia was all over Deportivo out of the gate, jumping out to a 4-0 lead at halftime. Summer acquisition Bernardo Corradi netted his first La Liga goal in the 17th minute, giving Valencia the 1-0 lead.
Huge insurance scam Marsh  amp; McLennan, the world #39;s largest insurance broker, was the mastermind of an \$800 million a year fraud - rigging prices and taking kickbacks from big insurance companies, state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer charged yesterday.
Ovitz, Eisner Relationship Spotlighted in Disney Suit AccountingWEB.com - Oct-28-2004 - A shareholder suit brought about by outrage over the severance package paid to former President Michael Ovitz is unveiling some deep dissention in the House of Mouse, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Apple iTunes Opens in Canada Apple announced yesterday the launch of its iTunes music store in Canada, making it the 14 country where iTunes is available. Apple said that the iTunes music store in Canada has more than 700,000 songs and
Former Boeing official in prison A former Air Force official was sentenced to nine months in prison yesterday after admitting that she helped Boeing Co. obtain a lucrative contract in hopes of landing an executive job at the company.
Alcohol ban row rages in Algeria Algeria's chances of joining the World Trade Organisation (WTO) may be scuppered by its parliament's refusal to lift a ban on alcohol imports.
WFP Relying On Airdrops To Bring Food In West Darfur Mud continues to be one of the biggest obstacles to relief efforts in Sudan #39;s Darfur region. Heavy rains have washed out roads and airstrips and the rainy season is expected to last another month or two.
Malaysia #39;s Abdullah Says Islamic Nations Should Rebuild Iraq Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said Islamic nations, including Malaysia, need to help rebuild Iraq, a civilization that was once a symbol of Islam #39;s greatness.
Scores killed in Bangladesh blast A series of bombs have exploded at an opposition rally in Bangladesh #39;s capital, killing at least 14 people and injuring hundreds, witnesses and news reports have said.
So Alike, Rivals Make It Personal Since World War II, no two candidates have had such strikingly similar backgrounds of class and privilege. So, why do these guys dislike each other so much?
Criticism over new proposal on working hours The European Commission has proposed strict limitations on the opt-out clause from the so-called Working Time Directive, which would give workers in the European Union the right to refuse to work more than 48 hours per week.
Lava Gives Mount St. Helens Eerie Glow (AP) AP - The molten rock rising inside Mount St. Helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night.
EQUATORIAL GUINEA: Foreign coup plotters given long jail terms LIBREVILLE, 26 November (IRIN) - A South African mercenary was found guilty Friday of leading a failed coup against the president of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea and sentenced to 34 years in jail, police and court sources said.
Judge: Boston Scientific Violated Deal NATICK, Mass. - Boston Scientific Corp. violated its agreement with an Israeli company and acted in  quot;bad faith quot; when it set up a secret stent-making operation in Ireland, according to a federal judge who ordered the companies to reach a settlement.
NASA Jet Sets Record for Speed A tiny pilotless NASA jet soared above the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, almost 7,000 miles an hour, thanks to a radical new engine technology.
Microsoft, PalmOne ink deal for mobile email services NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - Microsoft Corporation (MSFT.NAS) and PalmOne Inc have announced a new licensing deal to enable mobile email services on PalmOne #39;s Treo smart phones.
Study: Stability control systems can reduce fatal accidents WASHINGTON A study finds vehicles equipped with stability control systems are less likely to be involved in fatal crashes. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety says the systems, which automatically apply
Borland stresses easing software project burdens SAN JOSE, CALIF. -- Borland with its Software Delivery Optimization (SDO) plan is looking to enable users to manage software projects like a business, Borlands Boz Elloy, senior vice president of software products, told attendees at the BorCon conference here on Monday.
Johnson  amp; Johnson May Buy Guidant, NY Times Says (Update2) Johnson  amp; Johnson, the world #39;s biggest producer of medical devices, is in talks to buy heart defibrillator maker Guidant Corp.
Doubleheader trimmed to one game The New York Yankees and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays were to play only one game of their scheduled doubleheader Monday. The first game was postponed because Tampa Bay was delayed leaving Florida because of Hurricane Frances.
Aggressive market hits Big Food sales Takeover target Big Food Group says aggressive competition among food sellers drove down second-quarter sales by 3.3 percent, sparking fears its suitor might drop its bid price.
FASB Urged to Test Stock Options Oct. 18, 2004 (TheDeal.com) Although accounting regulators have agreed to delay a contentious proposal that forces companies to deduct the cost of employee stock options as a business expense, Sen. Michael B. Enzi said Thursday, Oct.
Mets challenge intrigues Martinez Pedro Martinez considered the choices: stay with the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, sign with the NL champion St. Louis Cardinals or become the cornerstone of a reconstruction project with the New York Mets.
U.S. Gymnast Goes From Oops to a Gold Medal With spectacular performances on his final two events, American Paul Hamm pulled out one of the biggest comebacks in Olympic gymnastic history.
NASCAR gets its drama, but cost might be high Its been a dozen years since the final race of the NASCAR season could promise this kind of suspense. When the checkered flag drops Sunday with the Nextel Cup Chase championship on the line, three of the
Report: BT Poised to Buy Infonet (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's BT Group Plc  is hoping\to make a dramatic return to the United States with a  #36;1\billion acquisition of Californian telecoms group Infonet\Services Corp. , the Sunday Times newspaper reported.
Two solid weeks for Seattle defense, but offense needs a boost Mike Holmgren is thrilled to be 2-0 and quite pleased with his team #39;s defensive effort in a 10-6 win at Tampa Bay. He praised punter Tom Rouen for outstanding kicking.
Owens makes Bears sit up and take notice Told that he ticked off the Chicago Bears with his latest touchdown celebration, Terrell Owens shrugged.  quot;Oh, well, quot; the Eagles wide receiver said today after his team #39;s 19-9 victory over the Bears at Soldier Field.
Vogts stays in Scotland job The SFA had been expected to sack the German and end his two less than glorious years as national coach. But a meeting of the 11 board members did not materialise, leaving Vogts #39; future in limbo.
Mount St. Helens Erupts After 18 Years (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens, the volcano that blew its top with cataclysmic force in 1980, erupted for the first time in 18 years Friday, belching a huge column of white steam and ash after days of rumblings under the mountain.
Manmohan praises contribution of Indian diaspora Prime Minister Manmohan Singh lavished generous praiseon the Indian diaspora, particularly in the US and Britain, calling them a  quot;bridge quot; between their adopted land and India and said the country took  quot;pride in their achievements quot;.
Fannie Mae Warns on Capital Position (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. mortgage finance giant Fannie\Mae said on Wednesday a Securities and Exchange Commission\decision that it must restate earnings over accounting problems\is likely to cut into its capital position.
Hollywood sues BitTorrent web site owners Hollywood movie studios, through the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), have today sued scores of operators of computer servers that help relay digitised movie files across online file-sharing networks.
Nortel to Maintain Certain Accounting Nortel Networks Corp. on Wednesday said it will not be required to change its accounting treatment of optical products sales, and it received verbal confirmation that two stock exchanges do not plan to begin any suspension or delisting procedures.
Buying back T-Online Deutsche Telekom, the largest European phone company, has offered to buy out investors in T-Online International, its Internet division, for about E3 billion, aiming to revive growth at its fixed-line business.
EIGHT DIE AS BOMB EXPLOSIONS HIT BAGHDAD BAGHDAD: At least eight people were killed and 45 wounded when two suspected car bombs exploded within minutes of each other outside two churches and a hospital in southern Baghdad last night.
Afghan troops storm Kabul jail; eight killed KABUL -- Afghan troops stormed a notorious prison in a hail of gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades yesterday, ending a 10-hour standoff that began when four inmates once suspected of belonging to Al Qaeda tried to escape. Four inmates and four guards were killed in the day's violence.
Meyer OKs 7-year deal with Gators nly a few days ago, it looked like a done deal. Urban Meyer, a devout Irish-Catholic who always considered Notre Dame his dream job, seemed a lock to end up in South Bend, Ind.
Foreign failures THE nation #39;s biggest punter Sean Bartholomew has revealed he rated Vinnie Roe and Mamool as having far less chance of winning the Melbourne Cup because overseas jockeys were riding them.
Ortiz:  #39;That #39;s all I do is hit #39; BOSTON - Monuments in New England are made from moments like the bookends David Ortiz gave the region on Monday. When has a baseball player had two walk-off hits at frenzied Fenway Park on the same day in postseason play?
EU Transport Commissioner Lauds Alitalia Restructuring Deal The European Union #39;s transport commissioner has praised the restructuring deal reached between Italy #39;s flagship air carrier, Alitalia, and unions representing cabin crews.
Foxes kill Great Bustard chicks Foxes attack and kill two of the Great Bustard chicks recently introduced to Salisbury Plain.
Concern over N Korea missile test Japan will use weekend talks with North Korea to ask about reports the North is preparing a missile test.
Tech revival gains oomph with Microsoft earnings (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Microsoft said Thursday that its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11, beating analysts' expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
Trinidad #39;s sights on Hopkins In the wee hours yesterday morning, promoter Don King stood at a podium inside Madison Square Garden and -- in the midst of a bombastic assault on his
Graham Lauds Mr. O'Brien For soft-spoken trainer Robin Graham, calling the 5-year-old gelding Mr. O'Brien ""great"" in workouts for Saturday's Breeders' Cup Mile is downright effusive.
Novak topples Henman to advance to semi-finals Jiri Novak made Tim Henman #39;s life as miserable yesterday as he did at this summer #39;s Olympics, toppling the second-seeded Briton 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the quarterfinals of the euro989,750 (US\$1.
Canada Routs Slovakia in World Cup of Hockey  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Ryan Smyth scored twice and Martin St  Louis had a goal and an assist for the second straight game as  Canada eased to a 5-1 win over Slovakia in round-robin play at  the World Cup of Hockey on Wednesday.
Energy lifts TSX; Dow dips The Toronto stock market was on positive ground this morning as energy stocks continued to benefit from record high oil prices that hit \$53 (US) a barrel.
Panama's new president sworn in Panama's new President Martin Torrijos is sworn in for a five-year term, promising to probe human rights violations.
SCH bank says Abbey move will not dilute industrial holdings (AFP) AFP - Leading Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said that its hoped-for acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National would not require asset sales, adding there was as yet no counter-offer.
Dream of London to Sydney trip in two hours If clear skies break over southern California on Monday, a B-52 bomber will take off from Edwards air force base and head out over the Pacific.
Study: Companies struggle to capture business processes When software projects go bad, the results can be disastrous. Every few months, a new horror story pops into the headlines -- like Hewlett-Packard Co.'s recent, flawed SAP deployment. The company had done dozens of smooth ERP (enterprise resource planning) migration projects, but when its latest ran into problems, the cascading disruptions contributed to HP missing its third-quarter financial projections.
Magic Thrash the Raptors 129-108 (AP) AP - Scoring 129 points means a win almost every time, but Kelvin Cato wants the Orlando Magic to realize that giving up 108 will get them beat more often than not.
Bogus E-Mail Worries Cell Phone Users The e-mails, often forwarded by friends, vary in wording, but the underlying message is always ominous: Soon, all cell phone numbers will be made public to telemarketing firms.&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Job growth continues but unemployment rate remains unchanged OTTAWA - The economy created another 34,300 jobs in October but the unemployment rate remained at 7.1 per cent as more people entered the labour force, Statistics Canada said Friday.
Microsoft Upgrades Software for Digital Pictures  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; released on  Tuesday the latest version of its software for editing and  organizing digital photographs and images to tap into  widespread demand for digital cameras and photography.
IBM, Intel open up blade server specs Hoping to accelerate the acceptance of blade servers, IBM and Intel on Thursday will lay bare their jointly developed technical specifications for its BladeCenter platform that will allow developers to customize add-on products and solutions.
From horrible contracts to hideous play, Isiah #39;s Knicks are &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yes, the product is overpriced and the constant barrage of piped in sound effects is enough to drive Seinfeld #39;s Lloyd Braun into another nervous breakdown (hearing Ric Flair #39;s patented  quot;Wooo!
Lions shoot blanks vs. Pack The Lions had a chance to make a statement and a stand in the NFC North division race Sunday and --in fairness to the coach -- their performance defied description.
Fever Beats Lynx Fever center Kelly Schumacher scores 13 points on 7-of-8 shooting and grabs nine rebounds to help Indiana defeat Minnesota 69-61.
Tokyo Shares Rise But Oil Worries Weigh  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Japanese shares rebounded from  three-month lows on Tuesday but stubbornly high oil prices and  concern over their impact on corporate earnings capped gains.
NHLPA to Begin Lockout Pay to Players (AP) AP - The NHL players' association will begin issuing lockout pay to more than 730 players. Payments will start this month, and players will get  #36;10,000 each for November and another  #36;10,000 for December, with subsequent monthly payments varying between  #36;5,000 or  #36;10,000, The Canadian Press reported.
Sightseek goes out in smashing style Taking control from the start, the 5-year-old daughter of Distant View turned on the power at the top of the stretch and stretched a one-length lead to six by midstretch, then cruised to a 23/4-length victory in the \$750,000, Grade I Beldame Stakes
Greenspan tells G20 US outlook favourable-source The outlook for the US economy in the coming quarters is favourable despite a continued fall in personal savings, US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was quoted as saying on Saturday.
Another Pacer Involved Police have determined that a fourth member of the Pacers, reserve center David Harrison, was involved in the brawl at last Friday night's Indiana-Detroit game.
Testing the Secondary That Ravens' swaggering defense will face its biggest test of the season Sunday, as Baltimore takes on the Colts and Peyton Manning.
Digital Gear: So Portable, It's Disposable Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
Chirac tries to ease Franco-British tensions over Iraq (AFP) AFP - Visiting French President Jacques Chirac hailed ""a very strong historical link"" between London and Paris, while arguing his case for a multipolar and interdependent world.
Australian rower Oliver goes slap-happy Australia #39;s women #39;s rowing team was hit by scandal again Thursday when Catriona Oliver walked up to teammate Sally Robbins and slapped her shoulder.
ANALYSIS-China Uses Deng Xiaoping Centenary to Laud Reform BEIJING (Reuters) - The architect of China #39;s dramatic economic reforms. A benevolent leader who rehabilitated millions purged in the chaotic 1966-76 Cultural Revolution. A military genius. An avid bridge player. A family man.
Judge Says Amazon, Toys 'R' Us Must Work Together By Jeffrey Gold    PATERSON, N.J.(AP) - A state judge ordered Toys ""R"" Us and Amazon.com to work together so the online retailer can abide by her order requiring Amazon to keep sellers on its Web site from listing products to which Toys ""R"" Us, which also markets through Amazon, has exclusive rights.     Superior Court Judge Margaret M...
Powell calls for Palestinian intifadah to end WASHINGTON -- In a telecast to the Arab world, Secretary of State Colin Powell called yesterday for an end to the intifadah, the four-year violent Palestinian uprising against Israel.
Kerry on Iraq: Wrong War, Wrong Place, Wrong Time (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic presidential nominee\John Kerry on Monday called the invasion of Iraq ""the wrong war\in the wrong place at the wrong time"" and said his goal was to\withdraw U.S. troops in his first White House term.
U.S. Softball Team Wins, Closes in on Gold (AP) AP - One more victory and U.S. softball team will have its goal: a third Olympic gold. Right now, the Americans aren't just a Dream Team  #151; they're more like the Perfect Team. Lisa Fernandez pitched a three-hitter Sunday and Crystl Bustos drove in two runs as the Americans rolled to their eighth shutout in eight days, 5-0 over Australia, putting them into the gold medal game.
Changeups can't cross up Varitek The Red Sox pitching rotation is suddenly a shell game. It started out as Curt, Pedro, Bronson, and Wake, with Derek as the odd man out. But then Curt's ankle made headlines, and that's why Derek will pitch for Curt in Game 5. No, wait. Now it's raining, and everyone gets an extra day off, so Pedro might pitch for ...
Services sector up, manufacturing down An industry survey said growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October, with a slight rise in the employment index. Meanwhile, the Commerce Department said orders placed with US factories fell for
Wal-Mart Sales Cast Gloom, Stocks Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Monday after Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; recorded disappointing Thanksgiving sales,  hurting hopes for a strong holiday retail season.
Microsoft commits to XML docs for long term Responding to a European Union request, Microsoft said the license for its Office-related XML document formats will be royalty-free forever.
Teams to lobby for Silverstone The F1 teams will lobby Bernie Ecclestone to include the British GP on next years calendar - but admit that there isnt much they can do to sway the F1 supremo.
New iMacs take design cues from iPod Apple Computer #39;s new line of iMacs, which goes on sale later this month, gives the company #39;s diehard fans several reasons to upgrade, including a big speed boost and more affordable prices.
Consumer Sentiment Fades in October (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment deteriorated\in October as rising energy costs and persistent job worries\made Americans less optimistic about the future, according to a\survey released on Friday.
Dar Al Hayat The United States and Russia have met over one common thing: their war on terrorism, despite the fact that Washington and Moscow will definitely argue that the terrorism each one is fighting is different from the other.
Links Between Two Chechen Women Grows (AP) AP - They lived in the same apartment in Chechnya, worked in the same market and may have died within moments of each other on separate airliners that crashed in Russia last week.
Retail Sales Increase, Autos Lose Luster (AP) AP - Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but spent like mad in a number of other areas including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Doctors split on Pinochet's mental state SANTIAGO, Chile -- Court-appointed doctors who examined retired General Augusto Pinochet are split on whether the former dictator's health allows him to stand trial on human rights charges, according to reports made public yesterday.
AOL cuts 4 of workforce DULLES, Va. -- Time Warner Inc.'s America Online division, the biggest US Internet service, said it cut 750 jobs, or about 4 percent of its workforce, amid subscriber losses.
Carolina WR Smith Breaks Left Fibula (Reuters) Reuters - Carolina wide\receiver Steve Smith was carted off the field Monday night\after breaking his left fibula during the Panthers' 24-14 loss\to Green Bay.
Singapore Air Sets \$7.35 Bln Boeing Order  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore Airlines Ltd., the world's  second most valuable airline, said on Wednesday it planned to  buy up to 31 Boeing Co 777-300ER planes worth about US\$7.35  billion to support growth plans.
Villagers hold Nigeria oil plants Representatives of a remote community in southern Nigeria's Delta region take over three oil installations.
Norway: Pilots attacked with an ax pee writes  quot;A passenger on a commuter plane in northern Norway attacked both pilots and at least one passenger with an axe as the aircraft was coming in to land.
S.D. backups charged up SAN DIEGO -- Backup quarterbacks Doug Flutie and Philip Rivers each threw a touchdown pass and the San Diego Chargers warmed up for their first playoff game in nine seasons by beating the Kansas City Chiefs, 24-17, yesterday in what was little more than an exhibition. Having clinched the AFC West title two weeks earlier and the AFC's No. 4 ...
U.S. call center jobs moving to Canada Research firm predicts closure of more than 3,000 U.S. centers as jobs fly north.
Indians lock up Howry SPORTS NETWORK - The Cleveland Indians on Friday agreed to a one-year contract with reliever Bob Howry. Howry, who was eligible for salary arbitration, went 4-2 with a 2.74 earned-run average in 37 games this past season.
DA Won't Prosecute Bishop Accused of Rape SPRINGFIELD, Mass. - A district attorney said Monday that he would not prosecute Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Dupre on child rape charges - despite a newly unsealed indictment in the case - because the statute of limitations has expired...
Jackson Joins Kerry Campaign As Adviser (AP) AP - Civil rights activist Jesse Jackson joined the campaign of Sen. John Kerry on Wednesday as a poll showed support for the presidential candidate slipping among black Americans, a critical Democratic constituency.
Davenport regains No. 1 ranking American Lindsay Davenport regained the No. 1 ranking in the world for the first time since early 2002 by defeating Dinara Safina of Russia 6-4, 6-2 in the second round of the Kremlin Cup on Thursday.
IBM signs \$180M outsourcing deal with Dun   Bradstreet IBM has signed a seven-year IT outsourcing deal with Dun   Bradstreet under which it will transform and manage key business functions and financial operations for the company.
Government spending will push up Australian interest rates, critics warn (AFP) AFP - The Australian government has defended its big-spending election promises as opponents and some economists claimed its new commitments would push up the very interest rates it is promising to hold back.
U2 Moves in Digital Ways Steve Jobs, Bono and the Edge Tuesday ushered in what Apple #39;s CEO and the two members of U2 called a new era of digital music.
Pakistani Forces Pound Alleged Hideout (AP) AP - About 1,000 Pakistani soldiers backed by helicopter gunships, mortars and artillery Wednesday pounded a mountainous region near the Afghan border where a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner who masterminded the kidnapping of two Chinese engineers is believed to be hiding.
Marion Jones sues Victor Conte San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - Olympic track and field star Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit against BALCO chief Victor Conte on Wednesday.
State of Emergency Declared in Iraq The Iraqi government declared a 60-day state of emergency Sunday in response to the escalation of violence by militants. The emergency declaration covers the entire nation, with the exception of Kurdish-run areas in the northern part of Iraq.
Australian govt plans counter-terror teams in Asia CANBERRA - Australia wants to base counter-terrorism teams in Southeast Asia, the government said on Monday as it traded blows with opposition Labor over the best way to wage the war on terror ahead of an Oct. 9 election.
Locusts Ravage Key Mauritanian Farming Region (Reuters) Reuters - An agricultural region\in eastern Mauritania faces the loss of its entire crop to\swarms of locusts unless action is taken immediately, a\regional government official has warned.
Dow Jones  amp; Co. to buy MarketWatch Inc. NEW YORK -- Dow Jones  amp; Co., the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, will buy MarketWatch Inc. for about \$519 million in a deal that would end a monthlong bidding war for the online financial news and information provider.
Grief, Rage in Argentine Protest Over Fatal Fire  BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Thousands of Argentines  mourning almost 200 young victims of a rock club fire took to  the streets of Buenos Aires on Monday in angry protest over the  government's safety standards, as the city mayor resisted  pressure to resign.
US bank mergers good for stability, says Greenspan Alan Greenspan, Federal Reserve chairman, said yestedray that the wave of US bank mergers since 1995 had increased the stability of the financial sector.
Bomb scare at Real Madrid stadium More than 70,000 people were forced to leave Real Madrid #39;s Bernabeu stadium on Sunday following a bomb scare. David Beckham and other Real Madrid players had to leave the pitch three minutes before the end of their 1-1 match against Real Sociedad.
If your office is cold, take note - chilly environs may lower &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If your office is often cold, take note - chilly environs may lower productivity. A study by a Cornell University ergonomics professor found a reverse correlation between temperature and typing mistakes.
Enter your e-mail: In time for holiday shopping, Apple today announced upgrades to its IBook and Macintosh G5 lines. The entry-level IBook, with a 12-inch screen, is now priced at \$999, and includes a preinstalled 802.
IPO #39;s Success Doesn #39;t Justify Google #39;s Price One of the tongue-in-cheek rules that we column-writers have is,  quot;Often wrong, never in doubt. quot; Take a stand, don #39;t duck and weave too much.
EU bid to catch US economy  #39;a big failure #39;: Prodi LONDON : Europe #39;s efforts to catch up to and then outpace the US economy have been  quot;a big failure, quot; the outgoing head of the European Union executive commission, Romano Prodi, told the Financial Times in an interview.
Blair, Bush Meet to Discuss Mideast Peace (AP) AP - Convinced that the road to Jerusalem doesn't run through Baghdad, British Prime Minister Tony Blair is trying to turn President Bush's attention from Iraq to the stalled Mideast peace process.
White House Nixed Early Hearing on Rice Nomination (Reuters) Reuters - At the urging of the White House, a\key Senate panel will put off consideration of the nomination\of Condoleezza Rice to be secretary of state, the chairman of\the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said on Sunday.
Green strikes gold in MasterCard Masters in Australia European Tour Member Richard Green finally enjoyed the taste of victory in 2004 when he has sunk a four foot birdie putt on the first play-off hole to capture the \$225,000 first prize in a dramatic conclusion to the 2004 MasterCard Masters at Huntingdale
UN rights envoys urge probe into Burundi massacre GENEVA, Aug 18 (Reuters) - United Nations human rights investigators on Wednesday called on Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo to identify and hold accountable those behind the massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees.
Kansas City Chiefs JACKSONVILLE, Florida (Ticker) -- Showing poise well beyond his years, Byron Leftwich once again carried the Jacksonville Jaguars to a last-second victory.
Samsung Faces Concerns Over Margins  SEOUL (Reuters) - Concern over falling profit margins at  Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. grew on Thursday as the company  said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker  issued a ""sell"" rating on its stock for the first time in  years.
Steam Update November 19, 2004 - Valve updated the Steam site with a bit of news regarding Steam and Half-Life 2 support: A small number of Half-Life 2 customers have been experiencing problems while playing the game, and we have traced these issues to corrupt Steam
CORRECTED: Berlin Bans Controversial Arab-Islamic Congress  BERLIN (Reuters) - The Berlin state government said Monday  it had banned an Arab-Islamic Congress due to be held in the  German capital next month to rally support for ""resistance and  intifada"" in Iraq and the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
RIJKAARD SALUTES RONALDINHO Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard lavished praise on Ronaldinho after the Brazilian #39;s brilliant late winner saw off the challenge of Champions League opponents AC Milan.
SUV sales in Tennessee jump fastest in the country KNOXVILLE, Tenn. - Sales of sport utility vehicles jumped 151 percent in Tennessee between 1997 and 2002 - faster than any other state and three times the national rate, a new government report says.
Update 3: Pinault Questioned Over Executive Life Lawyers representing the state of California questioned French tycoon Francois Pinault in Paris Friday over his alleged role in the illegal buyout of bankrupt insurer Executive Life.
Viacom to Buy Calif. Station From Sinclair Media giant Viacom Inc. said Thursday that it is buying a Sacramento, Calif., CBS affiliate from Sinclair Broadcast Group for \$285 million.
Kurdish Rebels Using European Bases (AP) AP - The recent Dutch raid against a suspected military training camp used by Turkish Kurdish rebels is the largest crackdown against the group in Europe, which has become a base for autonomy-seeking militants to collect money, recruit and train, authorities say.
Sonic, Asbury Cut Estimates, Stocks Fall  DETROIT (Reuters) - Shares of Sonic Automotive Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SAH.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Asbury Automotive Group Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ABG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ABG.N&lt;/A&gt; fell sharply on  Tuesday after both car dealership companies cut their full-year  earnings estimates, citing the recent hurricanes and a  difficult new and used vehicle market.
Football Press Conference Set For Thursday Morning OXFORD, Miss. - A press conference to announce the hiring of a new head football coach at The University of Mississippi has been scheduled for Thursday morning, December 16, at 10:00 am, in the new Indoor Practice Facility.
Nasscom urges WB to boost infrastructure West Bengal government should give more emphasis to infrastructure development by building more roads, rapid transit and communication systems for providing a conducive environment to the information technology sector, Nasscom president Kiran Karnik said
The Curse of the Rivalry I dont know any Boston Red Sox diehards who werent rooting almost as fervently for the Minnesota Twins against the New York Yankees as they were for their own team against the Anaheim Angels.
Numerous recalls point to vigilance, vehicle complexity Automakers have recalled more vehicles in the United States this year than ever before, but thats probably because of the increasing complexity of cars
Army Spun Tale Around Ill-Fated Mission The published account of Pat Tillman's last moments was a distorted and incomplete narrative, according to dozens of internal Army documents obtained by The Washington Post.
SEC: Staffer Heading to Private-Sector Job (AP) AP - The Securities and Exchange Commission announced Thursday that a top staffer overseeing the  #36;7.6 trillion mutual-fund industry will step down for a private-sector position.
Top Computer Makers: Dell Dell is both profitable and well regarded, thanks to its habit of delivering serviceable but unexciting products at good prices and supporting them well enough to keep buyers coming back.
Goldman mulls fresh offer for Warner Chilcott A consortium headed by Goldman Sachs, which lost out in the 1.6bn bidding war for Warner Chilcott last week, is considering coming back with a higher offer for the women #39;s healthcare company.
Canada Confirms Second Mad Cow Case (Reuters) Reuters - A final laboratory test has\confirmed an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second\case Canada has found in its herd, an industry source briefed\by veterinary officials said on Sunday.
Air France KLM Sees Growth After Strong Quarter Air France KLM posted stronger than expected second-quarter operating profits on Wednesday and maintained its sights on full-year growth despite the strain on its fuel bill from escalating oil prices.
Tennis: Ljubicic powers past Johansson in Madrid Masters MADRID : Croatia #39;s Ivan Ljubicic battered Joachim Johansson with 27 aces, upsetting the big-hitting seventh seed 7-6 (7/2), 6-7 (1/7), 7-6 (7/3) for a place in the semi-finals of the 2.425-million-euro Madrid Masters.
Sky's the limit for Falcons This season will likely be the most successful yet for the Northeast-10 Conference, thanks to a change in the Division 2 playoff format.The NCAA tournament expands from 16 to 24 teams, adding two to each of the four regionals. Even better for the NE-10, the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Conference -- home of last year's Division 2 national champion, Grand Valley ...
Expedition 9 Crew Prepares for Final Spacewalk (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS) will step outside their orbital home one more time next week during the fourth and final spacewalk of their mission.
Credit Suisse shares drop as bank reportedly prepares CSFB job &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ZURICH (AFP) - Shares in the Swiss banking group Credit Suisse fell on the eve of an investors meeting which will reportedly unveil drastic changes at its US investment banking arm, Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB).
Egypt defeat Cameroon in World Cup qualifier Egypt on Sunday defeated Cameroon 3-2 in Group 3 of the African qualifications for the 2006 World Cup in Germany. Mohammad Shawqi put the Pharaohs in the lead with a nice headerin the injury time of the first half.
RealNetworks Online Petition Targeting Apple Backfires  quot;There was a lot of obscenity and personal comments quot; about Chief Executive Rob Glaser, said senior vice president Dan Sheeran.
Citroen, Peugeot to leave rallying Citroen and Peugeot have announced they will be withdrawing from the World Rally Championship at the end of 2005. The French manufacturers cited tough conditions in the car market for their decision.
Veteran British DJ John Peel Dies in Peru &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber and Kate Kelland&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA/LONDON (Reuters) - Veteran British disc jockey JohnPeel, who championed new music trends like punk on mainstreamradio, has died of a heart attack on holiday in Peru.&lt;/p&gt;
ETA KINGPIN HELD IN RAIDS THE suspected leader of Basque terror group ETA #39;s political wing was arrested in France yesterday. Mikel Iriarte, 43, had been on the run since 1993.
Paraguay seeks Stroessner return A Paraguay judge calls for the extradition of the country's former military ruler Alfredo Stroessner from Brazil.
On this night, Blount pays off There may have been times this season when you wondered if Mark Blount really was worth all the fuss, not to mention the \$38 million. Sunday night (6 points, 4 rebounds, 4 fouls, 18 minutes) might have been one of those times. Last night was not.
Roddick, Hewitt through to US Open third round Defending champion Andy Roddick of the United States stormed into the third round of the 17.8 million US dollars US Open Friday. The American big-server blasted 10 aces enroute
Chinese concern at obesity surge The rate of obesity in China has increased by 97 in 10 years, according to a government report.
Conway could get \$20 million golden parachute Ousted PeopleSoft CEO will get a severance package of between \$10 million and \$20 million.
Commonor's Remote Control Castle The automated life used to be the exclusive realm of the rich. Now home automation is coming to a subdivision near you. By Tom Vanderbilt from Wired magazine.
US Treasuries Drop After Newspaper Says China Cut Holdings US 10-year Treasury notes had their biggest drop in a week in London, heading for a fifth week of declines, after a newspaper reported that China, the second- largest overseas holder of the securities, reduced its holdings.
Baghdad Explosions Kill 25, Injure 100 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants pounded central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar barrages ever, targeting the Green Zone and destroying a U.S. vehicle along a major street...
Sun-Microsoft deal raises Open Office questions Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday said that it is looking for ways to work more closely with developers of the Open Office open source project, while at the same time, apparently reserving the right to sue them, according to a legal agreement between Microsoft and Open Office's major sponsor, Sun Microsystems Inc., made public this week.
ZigBee low-power wireless standard ratified The ZigBee Alliance, an industry standards group dedicated to promoting low-power wireless networks, ratified the first ZigBee specification this week.
Fresh Del Monte Cuts 2004 Profit Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fresh Del Monte Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FDP.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday cut its 2004 earnings forecast because of weak banana  prices, high fuel costs and bad weather, among other factors.
WTO Rules US Must Allow Online Gambling Antigua is saying that the US does not allow online gambling within its borders but that there are large numbers of American gambling organizations overseas.
Thousands Powerless in Eastern Canada  TORONTO (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people in Eastern  Canada could be without electricity until the end of the week,  officials said on Monday, after an early winter blizzard downed  power lines and crumpled transmission towers.
Study Reveals 'Demographic Catastrophe' in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers called the situation in\Darfur a ""demographic catastrophe"" on Friday after the first\scientific study done in the region found high death rates both\before and after the displacement of some 1.5 million people.
U.S. Said Showing New Flexibility in N.Korea Talks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States showed some new  flexibility in recent talks with North Korea on the nuclear  issue but Pyongyang was unimpressed and is resisting  participation in a new round of formal six-party negotiations,  U.S. officials and experts said on Friday.
Census: Poverty up in 2003 WASHINGTON -- The number of Americans in poverty and those without health insurance each rose by more than 1 million in 2003, the Census Bureau reported Thursday.
PGA Taps Tom PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. -- Tom Lehman, a member of three Ryder Cup Teams and winner of the 1996 British Open Championship, has been selected by The Professional Golfers #39; Association of America to captain the 2006 US Ryder Cup Team.
ROUND-UP United through put Liverpool falter Roy Keanes Manchester United booked their place in the knock-out stages of the Uefa Champions League with a victory at home to French champions Olympique Lyonnais on Tuesday, but Liverpool were defeated by their own French nemeses, last seasons
Late Kalou goal seals Feyenoord win A late strike by Salomon Kalou sealed a 2-1 win for Feyenoord over NEC Nijmegen, while second placed AZ Alkmaar defeated ADO Den Haag 2-0 in the Dutch first division on Sunday.
Prep Star Stopped Short Joe Gross, a three-time All-Met, has suffered through a troubling year that has derailed a promising golf career.
Farmers  #39;Cry Wolf #39; Over Losses to Predators Sept. 23, 2004 - Cougars, wolves, lions and other predators inflict relatively few losses on livestock and farmers gain only a temporary boost if these marauders are culled, the British weekly New Scientist announced Wednesday.
Tampa Offense Remains Offensive It #39;s not hard to pinpoint the Tampa Bay Buccaneers #39; biggest problem as they are off to the NFC South #39;s only 0-2 start.
A statistical nod to cubicle workers They are defined as waitresses or accountants, software publishers or garbage collectors. Some pull in top dollar, some the minimum wage.
Gators Shock 'Noles Chris Leak throws a touchdown as Florida upsets No. 10 Florida State, 20-13, in Ron Zook's last game as coach. It is the Gators first win in Tallahassee since 1986.
Fortune names eBay CEO most powerful woman in business NEW YORK - Meg Whitman, president and chief executive officer of the online auction company eBay Inc topped Fortune magazine #39;s list of  quot;Most Powerful Woman in Business quot; for 2004.
Minnesota is back in a familiar place Last year, in the American League Division Series, the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in Game 1 at Yankee Stadium, then lost Game 2. The series shifted
ISPs again go after spammers For the second time this year, an alliance of major Internet providers - including Atlanta-based EarthLink -iled a coordinated group of lawsuits aimed at stemming the flood of online junk mail.
Playoffs Bourne's payout With his team in a three-way battle atop the South Coast Conference, Bourne coach Barry Wood was well aware that not only would his team have to beat Wareham on the road yesterday, but that Dighton-Rehoboth would also have to win at home against Seekonk for his Canalmen to earn a spot in the Division 2A playoffs.
Antigua beats odds: WTO confirms ruling against US on web gambling (AFP) AFP - Antigua and Barbuda beat long odds as the World Trade Organization confirmed a ruling that a ban in the United States on Internet gambling violates global trading rules.
Demobilized Soldiers Take Over Aristide #39;s Home Near Port-au-Prince Dozens of demobilized soldiers have taken over the home of ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in a Port-au-Prince suburb.
ExxonMobil, Qatar land LNG financing SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- ExxonMobil Corp. and Qatar Petroleum said Wednesday they had lined up \$7.5 billion toward financing their giant Qatargas II project, which aims to export liquefied natural gas from the Middle East nation to Britain.
U.S. Forces Launch Assault on Iraqi Rebels in Mosul  MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces launched an  offensive in Mosul on Tuesday to retake control of rebel-held  areas after a week of anarchy with insurgents rampaging through  Iraq's third largest city.
Refugees storm Beijing consulate A group of 20 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the South Korean consulate in Beijing.
Walmart.com follows Amazon with outages Company provides few details on outage, which came two days after online retail giant Amazon.com Inc.'s Web site faced significant performance problems.
Shewfelt's shining moment: Calgary gymnast gives Canadians reason to cheer (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - Kyle Shewfelt is Canada's golden boy.
Liberia #39;s ex-warring parties disband Three former warring factions in Liberia Wednesday officially disbanded at a ceremony in the capital of Monrovia. The UN Mission in Liberia said in a statement issued in
Microsoft Unveils Windows XP Operating System for India By RAJESH MAHAPATRA    NEW DELHI (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) announced Wednesday that it would offer a low-cost, localized version of its Windows XP operating system in India to tap the large market potential in this country of 1 billion people, most of whom do not speak English...
Nitties takes second-round Australian PGA lead Former Australian amateur James Nitties, playing in his fourth professional golf tournament, shot a 7-under-par 65 Friday to take a one-shot lead after two rounds of the Australian PGA.
A Liberian's bittersweet journey back home The UN predicts that 100,000 Liberians in West Africa will return home by year's end.
SBC and Microsoft Plan IP TV Service  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SBC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; to provide next-generation television  services.
Airline adds \$500 million to earlier estimate United Airlines said it will need to cut more than \$1 billion from its annual costs, a much higher figure than previous estimates.
Airlines Expect \$5 Bln Loss in '04 --IATA  GENEVA (Reuters) - International airlines are heading for a  near \$5 billion loss this year, largely due to the oil price  rise, the chief economist of the industry's global body IATA  said on Tuesday.
Rival Congo Army Factions Clash (AP) AP - Rival factions in Congo's postwar army battled in the eastern region of the vast nation Saturday, killing several people, a top military official said.
A Fantastic Cancer-Drug Deal Medarex (Nasdaq: MEDX) is best known for being a leader in antibody technology with its capabilities for generating human antibodies in mice.
T-Wolves Face Distractions As Season Nears (AP) AP - The Minnesota Timberwolves are among the favorites in the Western Conference, largely because all the key players are back from last season's team that nearly made the NBA Finals.
mm02 To Bring I-Mode to Europe mm02 UK and mm02 Ireland will use DoCoMo #39;s i-mode branding and technology exclusively in their markets under an agreement with DoCoMo.
Microsoft testing new e-mail subscription service Microsoftis testing a new subscription Hotmail service that includes 2GB of e-mail storage and a copy of Outlook 2003 to access the service from the desktop.
ABC encores  #39;Desperate Housewives #39; NEW YORK  Just when it seemed that reality television was set to take over the dial, scripted shows have come roaring back - at least for now.
Outsourcing megadeals lose momentum IBM's loss of its huge JPMorgan contract comes as outsourcing deals are getting smaller.  \
UN Secretary-General Annan calls US-led war in Iraq  #39;illegal #39; During the past 18 months, Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations has expressed many reservations about the war in Iraq.
Spansion maps out future for 8Gbit memory parts Spansion, the flash memory joint venture between AMD and Fujitsu has laid out its plans to develop 8Gbit memory parts based on 65nm lithography.
Rockets 90 Grizzlies 87 Juwan Howard scored 20 points for the Rockets, who dropped the Grizzlies to 0-and-4. Yao Ming added 14 points and eleven rebounds to the win.
Singapore Bans Human Cloning, Stem Cell Research OK (Reuters) Reuters - Singapore banned human cloning\Thursday and said offenders would face 10 years in jail to\prevent ""abhorrent experiments.""
Nhleko Scores As Burn Beat MetroStars 1-0 (AP) AP - Reserve forward Toni Nhleko knocked in a header one minute into stoppage time, leading the Dallas Burn to a 1-0 victory over the first-place MetroStars on Sunday.
Fergie dismisses Arsenal challenge Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has raised the stakes ahead of Wednesday night #39;s Carling Cup clash with Arsenal by claiming that Chelsea are now the team to beat.
Britain Charges Suspects in U.S.-Linked Terror Case (Reuters) Reuters - Britain charged eight men on Tuesday\with conspiracy to murder and other terrorism charges, some\relating to plans for U.S. buildings such as the New York Stock\Exchange that were the subject of terrorism alerts this month.
Nokia joins secure digital memory card group The mobile phone maker will support tiny data storage devices and their multimedia cards.
Toshiba Joins Recall Parade, Blames Bad Memory Toshiba on Monday issued a recall for faulty memory modules that were used in over two dozen of its laptop models. The recall potentially affects some 600,000 notebook computers.
Computer Associates Posts Wider Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Ltd.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt;, a business software maker, on Wednesday posted a wider  quarterly net loss, including charges for job cuts and a \$225  million payment to settle a long-running accounting probe.
Milan derby finishes with a goalless draw Inter held champions AC Milan to a 0- 0 draw in the Milan derby on Sunday, widening their gap with first division leaders Juventus.
Bryant accuser publicly identifies herself in civil lawsuit The woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape -- whose name has been widely published on the Internet despite her efforts to remain anonymous -- identified herself by name in a revised version of the lawsuit she filed against the NBA star
Holdout offensive tackle signs with Rams The five-time Pro Bowl offensive tackle will get only four days of practice to prepare for the St. Louis Rams #39; opener after signing a one-year contract for \$7.
Blue chips bruised 3M #39;s earnings miss and profit warning combines with higher crude prices to equal weak Dow. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Blue chips fell at the open Monday as investors took in another surge in oil prices and weaker-than-expected earnings from 3M.
Kerry Faults Bush for WTO Sanctions Threat Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Tuesday accused the Bush administration of failing to protect American jobs from unfair foreign competition after the World
Coleman insists start must  quot;wake up and smell the coffee quot; Fulham boss Chris Coleman will use the forthcoming break for World Cup qualifying to rally his beleaguered troops and plot an end to the club #39;s dismal start to the season.
ISS to get new crew Moscow - The Soyuz TMA-5 spacecraft carrying a replacement crew to the International Space Station (ISS) will be put into space on October 14 after technical difficulties postponed the launch, Russia #39;s space agency said on Friday.
Apple launches 60GB, 40GB iPod Photo At a special music event featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, Apple yesterday unveiled the iPod Photo with a colour screen, available immediately in 40GB or 60GB versions.
Zafi Worm Hides Behind Christmas Cheer A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading Christmas wishes along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.
Web Feeds, Blogs   Search Engines Blogs are increasingly popular, and can have a dramatic effect on search engine positioning. How can you best take advantage of this new search marketing channel?
TVland a little bewildering Buying a new television used to straightforward: It was simply a matter of deciding how large you wanted the screen to be. Today, however, the purchase process has become much more complex as the 107-year-old
BoSox Lead Cardinals 2-0 After 1 Inning (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox led the St. Louis Cardinals 2-0 after one inning, as Boston ace Curt Schilling tested his sutured ankle Sunday in Game 2 of the 100th World Series. With Matt Morris on the mound, St. Louis was trying to even the series after Boston took Saturday's opener.
Philips sells stake in Vivendi for 720 mn LONDON, November 25 (newratings.com) - Dutch electronics and semiconductor giant, Philips (PHI1.ETR), has sold its entire stake in the French media company, Vivendi Universal.
Valkyrie Profile and Dragon Quest VII To Make Another Round At the beginning of the year, Square Enix will be re-releasing two RPGs originally released at the turn of the century. Valkyrie Profile and Dragon Quest VII will be released in Japan under the PS One Books
Israeli Gaza incursion BEIT LAHIYA, Gaza Strip Israeli tanks, armored vehicles and troops have pushed into northern Gaza in a raid aimed at militants who have fired rockets at Israeli towns.
Merck offers Vioxx defense  NEW YORK -- Merck  amp; Co.'s campaign to defend itself in the wake of the recall of the pain reliever Vioxx intensified last week, as it placed a package of three full-page ads in seven prominent newspapers beginning last Friday. That follows several television appearances, as well as testimony before Congress by the company's chief executive.
Yahoo! buys MusicMatch for \$160M Internet giant Yahoo! extended its reach in Net #39;s growing multimedia market today when it announced the deal to acquire media player software house MusicMatch.
House, Senate Agree to Cut Taxes, End Export Break (Update1) US House and Senate negotiators agreed to replace a \$50 billion tax break for US exporters ruled illegal by the World Trade Organization with a \$76.
Circulation Fraud Contained, Audit Group Says The chairman of the newspaper industry #39;s circulation-auditing body said Thursday that the organization would work to repair its image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four large US newspapers.
Schwartzel has a very bright future He is so young and so good that the mere sight of him hitting a golf ball might be enough to induce an older player to give up, go into a dark room and babble quietly to himself.
Earth #39;s Shadow Completely Covers The Moon JONESBORO--  quot;Well tonight the moon will be on the other side, and this would be a full moon normally because the moon is up here, above the plane between the earth and the sun, or below it.
Barcelona, Milan lead Group F with first round victories Scottish champions Celtic saw their three-year unbeaten home record in Europe broken Tuesday as they lost 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League Group F opener.
Ivory Coast travel warning THE US today warned its citizens against travel to Ivory Coast, citing a  quot;volatile quot; security situation throughout the country and a high risk of violence against foreigners.
Before the Bell: Ericsson Falls 6.8 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Swedish company Ericsson  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ERICY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ERICY.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 6.8 percent before the bell Friday after the  world's biggest producer of mobile phone networks reported a  big jump in third-quarter profits but said market growth would  slow next year.
Space station crew completes EVA The two-man crew of the international space station went outside again for more repair work. Gennady Padalka and Mike Fincke spent five and a-half hours plugging in new antennas
America West: Will Not Bid for ATA America West Holdings Corp. (AWA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
UK travel firms to shed 800 jobs TUI, Europe's largest travel firm, is cutting 800 jobs at its UK businesses - Thomson Holidays, Lunn Poly and Brittania Airways.
FBI targets mortgage fraud crime in Utah The FBI #39;s Salt Lake City office said Friday that Utah #39;s high rate of mortgage fraud has become the focus of its campaign to combat a host of white-collar crimes committed against financial institutions.
IBM in \$320m pension settlement US computer giant IBM agrees a \$320m deal with older staff, who had argued that changes to its pension scheme left them worse off.
Thousands celebrate Zambia #39;s independence Lusaka - Presidents from three African countries have laid wreaths to celebrate Zambia #39;s 40th independence anniversary. Fighter jets flew overhead in a display of military might not seen in at least a decade.
Rice Back at Work After Streak Ends (AP) AP - Jerry Rice returned to the practice field Monday and showed the Raiders the same old-fashioned work ethic that has defined his stellar career, a day after his record receptions streak ended.
Final Score: Tennessee 27, Green Bay 7 Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Chris Brown rushed for 98 yards on eight carries, leading the Tennessee Titans to a 27-7 romp over the Green Bay Packers in the preseason finale for both teams at the Coliseum.
UPDATE 1-Rato asserts stronger IMF role in rich countries The new head of the International Monetary Fund on Monday signaled the lender would take a larger role in speaking out about policies in the world #39;s richest nations if they pose global economic risks.
Afghans Again Extend Deadline for UN Hostages  KABUL (Reuters) - A Taliban splinter group that has  threatened to kill three U.N. hostages again extended a  deadline on its demands after the government said it would  respond to them on Wednesday, a spokesman for the group said on  Tuesday.
Forecasters: More Hurricanes May Be on Way (AP) AP - Ivan, Frances and Charley delivered three staggering blows to the Gulf Coast and Florida, as well as Caribbean island nations, all in just five weeks. Now here comes Jeanne, which could be lashing north Florida and Georgia by Monday. Homeowners ritualistically re-hammering the same plywood over their windows figure it can't get much worse, right?
India #39;s central bank pushes up key rate NEW DELHI India #39;s central bank on Tuesday unexpectedly raised a key interest rate for the first time in four years, saying that soaring commodity prices and corporate demand for credit threatened to fuel inflation.
Takeover bid for British grocer J Sainsbury (AFP) AFP - Britian's third-biggest grocer, J Sainsbury, is the target of a five-billion-pound (7.2-billion-euro, 9.1-billion-dollar) takeover bid.
Xbox #39;s  quot;Halo 2 quot; video game expected to be blockbuster (National) Nov. 9, 2004 -  quot;Halo 2, quot; the Microsoft Xbox game released on Tuesday, has been promoted like a box office blockbuster.
Alaska Airlines: September traffic rose Alaska Airlines flew 1.25 billion revenue passenger miles during the month, up from 1.09 billion miles flown a year earlier. Monthly load factor rose to 68.
Rajasthan oil takes Cairn into FTSE 100 Cairn Energy, the Edinburgh oil and gas group, yesterday became one of Britain #39;s top 100 companies, despite announcing a 40 slump in half-year profits and facing questions over its key oil discovery in India.
Security Council The Russian president had been speaking of the need to maintain the effectiveness of the UN #39;s top council, the Indian government said.
Avoid anti-US talk, Chavez told Venezuela's president can improve ties by avoiding inflammatory remarks, the US State Department says.
Howard Schmidt to lead U.S. CERT Howard Schmidt, chief security officer at eBay and a former White House cybersecurity adviser, has been named chairman of the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
Ford to Cut 1,150 Jobs At British Jaguar Unit Ford Motor Co. announced Friday that it would eliminate 1,150 jobs in England to streamline its Jaguar Cars Ltd. unit, where weak sales have failed to offset spending on new products and other parts of the business.
SEC Bars Some Mutual Fund Fees  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission barred U.S. mutual funds on Wednesday from  channeling brokerage commissions toward Wall Street firms based  on their promotion of the funds' shares.
FOCUS: Ericsson Market Share Gains Set To Continue STOCKHOLM (Dow Jones)--Expectations for Telefon AB LM Ericsson #39;s (ERICY) third-quarter performance imply that while sales of mobile telephony equipment are expected to have dipped, the company
Red Hat Buys Netscape Technology (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT), the U.S. Linux distributor, said it will buy a number of software assets from America Online.
Rapids Drop Head Coach Hankinson (AP) AP - The Colorado Rapids fired coach Tim Hankinson on Tuesday, two weeks after the team was eliminated from the 2004 Major League Soccer playoffs with a 2-0 loss to Los Angeles.
Europeans evacuated from I Coast European nations led by France were evacuating their nationals from Ivory Coast on Thursday, where an explosion of anti-French violence has made even long-time residents rush to pack their bags.
Red Devils prepare Arsenal dossier Manchester United #39;s on-going feud with Arsenal will spill over into Soho Square next week when Red Devils officials dump an explosive dossier on the Football Association chronicling Sunday #39;s match at Old Trafford.
Padres ink Williams, Blum com. The Padres signed two players Wednesday, bringing back right-handed pitcher Woody Williams and adding infielder Geoff Blum. Both are one-year deals with Williams getting an option year in 2006.
Woods, Palmer Share Lead at Deutsche Bank (AP) AP - Palmer and Woods. How's that for a leaderboard? Too bad it's tour rookie Ryan Palmer  #151; not Arnold  #151; sharing the lead with Tiger Woods after one round in the Deutsche Bank Championship. The two shot 6-under 65s Friday on the TPC of Boston to take a one-stroke lead over Mark O'Meara and two others.
Briefly: Westinghouse cuts price of LCD TVs roundup Plus: Adobe debuts hobbyist Photoshop package...Symbol joins WiMax wireless broadband group...HP to sell PathScale compilers.
Israel, Egypt Sign US-Backed Trade Agreement In the latest sign of a thaw in Israeli-Egyptian relations, Israel and Egypt on Tuesday signed a US-backed economic pact hailed as the most important agreement between the two countries in two decades.
Calpers President Voted Out Sean Harrigan was ousted from his post as president of the \$177 billion California Public Employees #39; Retirement System. In a 3 to 2 vote in San Francisco, the California state Personnel Board pulled Harrigan
Still Waiting for a New Home The MetroStars' telephone conference call after M.L.S.'s expansion draft was a lot like the team's disappointing season - snaps, crackles but ultimately no pop.
Euro probe comes in 4th in moon race Nearly 40 years after US and Soviet space probes orbited the moon, the European Space Agency has put its own satellite into lunar orbit.
Bobcats Sign Veteran Guard Smith (Reuters) Reuters - The Charlotte\Bobcats signed free agent shooting guard Steve Smith on\Thursday.
Saboteurs attack Iraq #39;s northern oil pipeline Saboteurs on Saturday set fire arefined oil products pipeline in northern Iraq as they kept uprelentless attacks on Iraq #39;s oil production industry, Dubai-basedal-Arabiya TV reported.
Seagate drive joins 400GB club The Barracuda 7200.8 series packs more data on the hard-drive platters.
Virgin in Talks With Chinese Telecom Firm British conglomerate Virgin Group Ltd. announced Tuesday that it is in talks with a mainland Chinese telecommunications company to set up a joint venture to provide mobile services in China.
Beckham virus spotted on the net Security firms are warning about a virus that tries to cash in on interest in David Beckham.
Karzai Seen Winning Outright First-Round Victory The latest official preliminary results from Afghanistan #39;s 9 October 9 presidential election show transitional leader Hamid Karzai has won the clear majority needed for an outright first-round victory.
Cink leads from Woods after second round of NEC Ryder Cup captain #39;s pick Stewart Cink continued his assault on the \$7 million NEC Invitational after completing his rain-delayed second round in two-under-par 68 on Saturday.
Real Madrid wins its first match 1-0 in Mallorca in the Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ronaldo got Real Madrid off to a winning start Sunday thanks to an accurate assist from new signing Michael Owen securing a 1-0 win over Mallorca in the Spanish league.
Bogus marriages line racketeers #39; pockets Immigration officials have smashed a criminal network operating one of the country #39;s fastest-growing immigration scams: the bogus marriage.
JibJab Is Free For You and Me Ludlow Music dropped its demands that JibJab, a small web animation site, stop using Woody Guthrie #39;s  quot;This Land is Your Land quot; in a satirical Flash cartoon.
Dollar Hits New Low Against Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled against the euro on  Wednesday, as traders shrugged off the surge in U.S. consumer  prices in October and focused more on the upcoming G20 finance  minister's meeting in Berlin starting from Friday.
For want of a photo, agreement is lost IF IT looks insane, that is because it is. An agreement so comprehensive in scope, so profound in implication and so improbable after so much history seems to have been brought down by a dispute about a photograph.
Yuan peg to ease  #39;in stability #39; CHINESE President Hu Jintao told his US counterpart George W. Bush that Beijing planned to loosen the yuan #39;s decade-old peg to the dollar, but only under stable economic conditions, an official said.
UN warns of population explosion Failure to honour funding pledges to the UN means a world population explosion within decades, a report says.
Patriots, Eagles Do the Expected _ Win (AP) AP - There might still be a spotless season on the NFL horizon this year.
Older iTunes versions being shut out, Apple warns If you've been clicking ""remind me later"" for those update windows, Apple's closing its music store to you.
Types of Investors: Which Are You? Learn a little about yourself, and it may improve your performance.
Israel #39;s deadly Gaza offensive enters third week JABALIYA, Gaza Strip, Oct 12 (AFP) - Israel #39;s massive military onslaught in the northern Gaza Strip entered its third week Tuesday with the death toll topping 110 and scenes of utter devastation in the territory #39;s largest refugee camp.
CalPERS goes after  #39;egregious #39; exec pay The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System wants to rein in what it calls abusive compensation practices in corporate America and hold directors and compensation committees more accountable for their actions.
European Shares Dip on Swiss Re Woes (Reuters) Reuters - Swiss Re led European shares lower on\Friday, but Dutch conglomerate Philips helped limit market\losses as a chip sales warning was not as bad as feared.
Federal judge throws out Pa. child porn-blocking law PHILADELPHIA A federal judge has tossed out Pennsylvania #39;s law that requires Internet service providers to block child porn Web sites.
NZ deports Israeli 'spies' Two suspected Israeli spies convicted of trying to obtain a false passport are deported from New Zealand.
Southern California particle pollution improving National data released by the US Environmental Protection Agency today reveals that several Southern California metropolitan areas have seen a sharp decrease in the amount of fine particle pollution contributing to local air quality problems over the past
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Met 2003 Goals Mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac last year met the government-set goals for making home ownership affordable, but only because three unusual multibillion-dollar deals were counted toward the targets, officials said Thursday.
Airbus to sell A350 as rival to Boeing Dreamliner Airbus has been given the go-ahead by its shareholders EADS and BAE Systems to market the A350, a new wide-body aircraft that will be a direct rival to Boeings 7E7 Dreamliner.
Car Bomb Kills 2 Americans in Kabul A powerful car bomb exploded at dusk Sunday outside the downtown office of an American security contracting firm and an adjacent building used to train Afghan police.
Researchers Say Microscope Can See Atoms (AP) AP - Oak Ridge National Laboratory researchers are peering into the atomic world with record clarity, developing an electron microscope image that can distinguish the individual, dumbbell-shaped atoms of silicon in a crystal.
Credit Agricole third-quarter profit jumps 70 pct on lower &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS (AFP) - French bank Credit Agricole posted a better-than-expected 70.9 percent surge in third-quarter net profit thanks to lower provisions and despite an overall decline in revenues.
Australias Howard wins 4th straight poll victory Prime Minister John Howard began planning the agenda for his new term on Sunday after his stunning fourth straight election victory, which delivered him a mandate to
Sri Lanka clinch series DAMBULLA: Marvan Atapattu slammed a solid 97 not out on a difficult pitch as Sri Lanka wrapped up the one-day cricket series with a four-wicket victory over South Africa in the third match on Wednesday.
England serve notice of intent Whether they care to admit it or not, this was the contest England had yearned for all summer. It was a measure of the team #39;s recent advance that they had become tired of pounding West Indies
New MOM to ease Microsoft management Microsoft in the fall will launch the latest version of its performance management product, offering it up as a key link in its ambitious DSI (Dynamic Systems Initiative) plan to reduce IT complexity by improving software and hardware manageability.
AMD spells out dual core features CHIP FIRM AMD has revealed more details of the dual core processors it expects to introduce next year. The firm presented at the Processor Forum in San Jose earlier today, and, according to EE Times, revealed some further details of its plans.
Dollar Recovers Footing After Fed (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar fought back from one-month\lows against the euro and Swiss franc on Wednesday as investors\viewed its sell-off in the wake of the Federal Reserve's\verdict on interest rates as overdone.
Romanians seek US as base tenant MIHAIL KOGALNICEANU AIR BASE, Romania -- To entice the US military to make a home here, what better symbolic appeal could the Romanian government make than to rename a street George Washington Boulevard?
On-Demand Video Game Services Vary (AP) AP - Internet downloads are nothing new when it comes to buying music and software online. So why does video game shopping still mostly involve either shlepping to a store or waiting for the delivery truck after you order online?
DreamWorks Draws a Crowd DreamWorks Animation has an IPO with more green than its signature ogre, Shrek.
Sparrow song illustrates memory Sparrows can piece together a complete song from fragments - research that could help with understanding memory.
TiVo and Netflix  #39;team for movie downloads #39; Netflix and TiVo are to team up to deliver movies over broadband, according to NewsWeek. The magazine expects the partnership to go public later this month, although neither company would comment, and details
Japan may allow women on throne Japan #39;s ruling party is considering proposals to revise the constitution to let women take the throne, according to a draft seen by local media.
Big Jake makes his mark he #39;s the tallest, most solidly-built player in international cricket at the moment. The next thing that gets your attention
Serena powers into quarters TWO-time champion Serena Williams fired 12 aces and had only one double fault as she overpowered Patty Schyder 6-4, 6-2 in their fourth round match at the US Open today.
3 kidnapped in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan -- Armed men in military uniforms stopped a UN vehicle in Kabul on Thursday, beating the driver and abducting three foreigners who were in Afghanistan to help oversee landmark presidential elections.
US Davis Cuppers plan to use patience SEVILLE - Andy Roddick is known for his power. He #39;ll need patience, too, in the Davis Cup final against Spain. Playing on red clay in front of an expected record crowd, Roddick might need to tone down his
Source: Bowden to take Washington GM job The Washington-bound Montreal Expos have found someone to take one of the most tenuous jobs in sports. Jim Bowden, Cincinnati #39;s general manager from 1992-2003, will be announced as Washington #39;s GM on Tuesday
Tennis: Dementieva clinches first title of season HASSELT, Belgium : Russian top seed Elena Dementieva won her first title of 2004 with a 0-6, 6-0, 6-4 victory against compatriot Elena Bovina in the final of the 170,000-dollar tournament.
Sandy Alomar Jr The Rangers signed Sandy Alomar to a one-year contract. The AP reports that the team envisions Alomar backing up Rod Barajas this season, meaning Gerald Laird will begin the year in the minors.
Story of a century: Zippy' loses 100th NORTHAMPTON -- Zippy Chippy, thoroughbred racing's all-time loser, lost his 100th race in 100 career starts yesterday, finishing last in an eight-horse field at the Three-County Fairgrounds in Northampton.
Justice Dept. Won't Appeal Oracle Ruling (AP) AP - The Justice Department said Friday it will stop trying to block Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
Say slams teammates #39; relay effort ATHENS -- The meltdown continues in the pool for Canada #39;s swimmers. Only this time, it #39;s talk and not just times that are creating heat. Rick Say, who has posted Canada #39;s best individual showing in the pool with a sixth-place finish in the highly ...
Nocioni, Deng Lead Bulls Over Celtics (AP) AP - Andres Nocioni had 20 points and 12 rebounds, and Luol Deng added 18 points to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 95-92 preseason victory over the Boston Celtics on Tuesday night.
Bank leaders fail to reach pact WASHINGTON - World finance leaders, struggling to find a way to help the world #39;s poorest countries get out from under huge debts, did not reach agreement Saturday, but promised to devise a new plan by year #39;s end.
Sprint, Nextel agree to join forces as No. 3 cellphone carrier in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The freewheeling wireless industry, known for its upstarts and edgy competition, got a little more run-of-the-mill Wednesday when Sprint and Nextel Communications formally announced a merger
Japan, U.S. to Resume Some Beef Imports  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and the United States agreed on  Saturday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since  December after a case of mad cow disease in Washington state,  but did not set a date for restarting trade.
Bryant Ignored Woman's Plea, Papers Show The woman who accused the basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape told investigators he ignored her entreaties to stop and said there was no doubt he heard her.
Tokyo Stocks Rise, Dollar Lower (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday as investors bought blue chips and issues of consumer electronics makers following Wall Street's overnight rally. The U.S. dollar inched down against the Japanese yen.
Universal Pictures Backs HD DVD Universal said HD DVD can deliver enhanced picture and sound quality, greater storage capacity and increased interactivity. An additional benefit is backwards compatibility, allowing existing
U.S., Iraqi Forces Take Key Samarra Buildings (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. and Iraqi troops took control\of government and police buildings in Samarra early on Friday\after insurgents had undermined security in the Iraqi city, the\U.S. military said.
Fa-la-la: Decking your PC with an Xmas virus HELSINKI: Internet security experts warned last Tuesday of a new virulent e-mail worm particularly successful in infecting computers as it is disguised as a multilingual electronic Christmas card.
US-European Mission To Solve Mystery Of Saturn #39;s Enigmatic Moon A US-European spacecraft is preparing to explore the planet Saturn #39;s huge moon, Titan. The  quot;Cassini-Huygens quot; spacecraft that has orbited the ringed planet since July is to venture within 1,200 kilometers of the cloud-covered moon on 26 October.
Fiji proud of its new king of golf Vijay Singh #39;s rise to No. 1 in golf could be a tonic for old ethnic divisions in Fiji, even if it takes a while for his achievement to sink in.
Marlins 5, Expos 2 Jeff Conine homered and Mike Lowell drove in two runs to lead the Florida Marlins over Montreal 5-2 on Tuesday night in what might prove to be the Expos #39; second-to-last game at Olympic Stadium.
EU lifts Libya arms ban but presses Tripoli over medics LUXEMBOURG, Oct 11 (AFP) - The European Union agreed Monday to lift an 18-year-old arms embargo on Libya, welcoming the country #39;s renunciation of weapons of mass destruction and movement towards  quot;responsible government.
NFL games on TV BALTIMORE (5-3) vs. NY JETS (6-2) When, where: Sunday, 1 p.m., at East Rutherford, N.J. TV: Ch. 4. Last meeting: Ravens won, 34-20, in 2002. Comments: Jets quarterback Chad Pennington is out 2-4 weeks with a strained right rotator cuff, leaving Quincy Carter under center against the man-eating Ravens (fifth in total defense, allowing 281 yards per game). Pennington was ...
Venus Wins, Russians Dominate Early Action  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Venus Williams carved out a testy 6-4,  6-4 win over qualifier Alina Jidkova, while French and U.S.  Open runner-up Elena Dementieva led seven Russians into the  second round of the Kremlin Cup Tuesday.
Woolworths to take on Apple #39;s iTunes UK High Street retailer Woolworths will this year launch a digital music download service, the company #39;s parent revealed today.
Yankees Re-Sign Catcher Flaherty  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees re-signed  catcher John Flaherty to a one-year contract on Friday.
India clinch home TV deal India fans will be able to watch the Test series against Australia after a domestic television deal is reached.
Business As Usual at Moscow Airport (AP) AP - From well-heeled businessmen with briefcases to mothers carting weather-beaten baggage, passengers streamed through Domodedovo Airport on Thursday  #151; business as usual at the terminal from which two doomed airliners departed.
Capacity for 4,000 MP3 Files Samsung Electronics announced on September 20 that it has succeeded in developing a 1/2000, hair-thin (60 nm) 8-gigabyte NAND flash memory module.
MetroStars Add Some Savvy At 36, Jeff Agoos comes east to the MetroStars, a team that gave up the most goals in the M.L.S. last season.
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -- Witnesses  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi'ite fighters appeared to be in  control of a holy shrine in Najaf Friday hours after Iraq's  interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by  seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being fired.
Israeli Missile Kills Islamic Jihad Chief (AP) AP - Israeli strikes in the Gaza Strip killed a militant leader and a father and his son, officials said Wednesday, bringing to 75 the number of Palestinians killed in a weeklong offensive aimed at ending Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli towns.
Google shares soar 18 percent on first day In the stock #39;s first day trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above \$100 -- 18 percent higher than where it started.
Scripps Raises Forecast for TV Ad Revenue  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media company E.W. Scripps Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SSP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SSP.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Wednesday raised its forecast for broadcast television  advertising revenue in the current quarter, citing a  stronger-than-expected market for political commercials in  October.
Stocks Seen Lower as Oil Adds Pressure  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures trimmed early  losses but pointed to a lower market open on Monday, following  a broad sell-off on Friday, as oil prices set new records above  \$55 a barrel, fueling worries that soaring energy costs will  bite into corporate profits.
Why I had to leave Australia In those eight words, spoken yesterday, Lleyton Hewitt finally addressed his inner turmoil over the split in his romance with Kim Clijsters.
Ex-Cabinet minister wounded, driver killed in Beirut car bombing BEIRUT, Lebanon A former Lebanese Cabinet minister has been wounded and his driver killed in an early morning car bombing in Beirut.
McNealy innovates in trade-show theatrics Scott McNealy for years has relied on Top 10 lists for comic relief during his tech show keynote speeches, but at the Oracle OpenWorld conference in San Francisco Wednesday, he tried a new stunt. Missing Links
Eisner to step down in 2006 Sep. 10th, 2004 -- Michael Eisner has seen his shares of ups and downs as the head of the Walt Disney Company. He led the company through some of the greatest increases in profit the company had ever seen.
Source: Colombian Cyclist Fails Drug Test (AP) AP - Colombian cyclist Maria Luisa Calle Williams has tested positive for a stimulant and could lose her bronze medal, Olympic officials said on Sunday.
Sprint to Buy Nextel in \$35 Billion Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sprint Corp. on Wednesday agreed to  buy wireless telephone company Nextel Communications Inc. in a  cash and stock deal worth about \$35.17 billion to gain more  business customers and more wireless airwaves to transmit  calls.
Artful Software Spots Faked Masterpieces The method could also be used to determine if more than one hand was involved in creating the work, something physical forensic science has never been able to do.
Saluting the data encryption legacy Security technologist Bruce Schneier explains that while cryptography is one of the most basic tools of computer security, it barely existed as an academic discipline 30 years ago.
Man Buys Up Domain Names in Bush Push RUTLAND, Vt. (AP) -- Type vermontdemocrats.com into your computer and you'll get a surprise: the re-election Web site of President Bush, a Republican...
Innovators Find Alternative To Venture Capital When Paul Brewer, co-founder of high-tech security company ObjectVideo, gave speeches to business school students about how to find funding, he used to focus about 80 percent of his talk on the art of landing venture capital. Now he spends most of his time on how to attract federal government funding, especially through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program. The managers of the program are more daring than venture capitalists, said Brewer, because they are more likely to fund an idea at its inception, before it has proved anything.
Virtualization company moves wares to Windows After long delay, SWsoft is set to test Windows version of its software that subdivides single copy of OS to look like several.
Sorenstam to Play Woods in Skins Game (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam is mixing it up with the men again, and this time the competition includes Tiger Woods. Sorenstam and Woods will play against each other for the first time when they tee off Saturday in the Skins Game at the Trilogy Golf Club in the middle of the desert.
Reggae stars 'help to spread HIV' Reggae and rap homophobic lyrics are stoking the spread of HIV, a UK minister warns on a Caribbean visit.
The Solar System's Deflector Shield is Up A breeze of interstellar helium atoms is blowing through the solar system. Thankfully, we have our shields up! The solar system's deflector shield is a giant magnetic bubble called ""the heliosphere."" It's part of the sun's magnetic field.
Australia sets world short course record in 400 medley relay INDIANAPOLIS - Australia set a world record in winning the 400-meter medley relay at the Short Course World Championships on Saturday night.
Web Site Helps Compare Gasoline Prices (AP) AP - Hate it when you fill 'er up and, five minutes later, spot another station selling gas for a nickel a gallon cheaper?
Russians finish dominant  #39;04 with Federation Cup victory Russia won its first Fed Cup title yesterday by edging defending champion France 3-2 when Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva beat Marion Bartoli and Emilie Loit 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the deciding doubles match.
IDC: Server market hits \$11.5 billion Fuelled by strong sales of Windows and Linux systems, the worldwide server market grew to \$11.5 billion during the second quarter of 2004, according to numbers released Friday by industry research company IDC. Server shipment revenue was up 6.9 percent from last year's second quarter, and the total number of servers shipped jumped 21 percent during that same period, IDC said.
Retailers lure shoppers with early openings, top deals  quot;Including the engagement ring, about \$4,000, quot; said one shopper at Roosevelt Field mall early Friday morning. Engagement ring?
Sprint, Nextel Shares Up on Merger Talk Shares of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. jumped again on Friday as the telephone companies continued negotiations on a merger that would combine the No.
Nikkei Back at Level Before Weak Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei rose 0.38 percent on Tuesday  as another jump in U.S. tech shares lured foreign investors to  their Japanese peers and other exporters such as Honda, while  earnings optimism again buoyed some miners.
Five held for Sinai bombings CAIRO: Egypt announced yesterday it had arrested five of the nine men who bombed Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago, saying the attackers used stolen cars packed with old war-time explosives and a washing-machine timer.
Dodgers Clobber Padres 9-6 (AP) AP - Cesar Izturis homered and Adrian Beltre had three hits for the Los Angeles Dodgers, who survived a shaky start by Kazuhisa Ishii and beat San Diego 9-6 on Thursday night to take a 1 1/2-game lead over San Francisco in the NL West.
Berkshire Hathaway Greenspan basically has stopped the movie projector and pushed the button that says, ""reverse.""
Judge Orders Microsoft to Pay \$112 Million A judge is ordering Microsoft Corp. to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California's market.
Intel and Clearwire forge WiMAX alliance Two of the most powerful forces behind WiMAX, Intel and Craig McCaw #39;s Clearwire start-up, have formed a partnership aiming to accelerate development of 802.
Bush Presents Awards for Arts, Humanities (AP) AP - Musicians, composers and authors were among the more than two dozen people Wednesday honored with National Medal of Arts and National Humanities awards at the White House.
Job cuts ease in October: report US planned job cuts eased in October but remained above the 100,000 level for the second month in row, a report said Tuesday. Employment consulting firm Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas Inc.
Interim Haitian leader says he needs more troops, cash, ponders &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Haiti #39;s interim leader castigated the world Saturday, saying it has sent too few troops to prevent the kind of violence that killed at least 55 people in two weeks and then used the insecurity as an excuse that is delaying
EDS Joins Siebel Systems #39; New Global BPO Alliance Program SAN MATEO, Calif.  amp; PLANO, Texas --(Business Wire)-- Aug. 23, 2004 -- Partnership to Create New Opportunities for Business Process Outsourcing Marketplace, with EDS as Charter Member.
Weather Hinders Search for Ship's Crew as Oil Spill Widens Huge waves and freezing rain hampered efforts on Friday to search for six missing crew members from a wrecked freighter that was spilling its oil into the Bering Sea.
Mud the New Menace at Diana Fountain (AP) AP - Just when tourists thought it was safe to go back to the Princess Diana memorial fountain, the mud has struck.
Blair to reshuffle 'by weekend' Tony Blair tells his monthly news conference that he will reshuffle his top team by the end of the week.
Flaws and a Delay for XP SP2 Just one day after Microsoft delayed the delivery of its Windows XP Service Pack 2 (XP SP2) update for the Professional Edition, a German research firm announced the discovery of two security flaws in the application.
Baghdad Car Bombing Kills 13 People Outside Hospital, AFP Says At least 13 people were killed and 56 were injured when a car bomb exploded outside the emergency unit of one of Baghdad #39;s hospitals, Agence France-Presse reported, citing medical officials.
Locals take Spurrier decision in stride Upon hearing the news that Steve Spurrier turned down the chance to return to the University of Florida, Southwest Florida Gator Club president-elect Corbyn Hightower exchanged a few calls and e-mails with fellow Gators.
Russian Siege Sparks World Horror, Solidarity (Reuters) Reuters - Tragic, despicable, inhumane, cowardly,\barbaric, evil, and astonishing -- the deaths of a hundred or\more people including children in a siege in Russia sparked\strong words for the hostage-takers from world leaders,\including Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin.
Sudan Talks in Nigeria Said Deadlocked After two weeks of talks to end the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, government and rebel negotiators remain far apart on key security issues, including disarming warring factions, rebels and diplomats said on Monday.
Xbox owner sues over dud drive Game fan upset over failed disc drive sues Microsoft on behalf of all U.S. Xbox owners.
Private venture flies into history Judging by the thousands of spectators who made the trek to Mojave to watch SpaceShipOne fly early Monday morning, a lot of people are still interested in space flight.
Ex-General Heads for Win Over Megawati in Indonesia  JAKARTA (Reuters) - An urbane former general who promises  to fight terror and clean up government headed for an  overwhelming victory against incumbent Megawati Sukarnoputri in  Indonesia's first direct presidential election Monday.  Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, Megawati's one-time chief security  minister, had won 59 percent of 10 million votes counted as of  noon GMT, the election commission said. Megawati had 41  percent.
Fannie Mae #39;s Raines Strongly #39; Disagrees With Regulator Report Fannie Mae Chief Executive Franklin Raines will tell a US House panel the largest government- sponsored mortgage finance company strongly #39; #39; disagrees with a report by its regulator
Broncos 20, Panthers 17 Rumblin #39;, bumblin #39;, stumblin #39;, Julius Peppers looked up and saw nothing but 104 yards of Mile High air between himself and the end zone.
Open Source Champions Shoot Down Microsoft FAT Patent At the behest of the open source-loving Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT), the US Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) has rejected all of the claims made in one of the four patents that Microsoft holds on the Windows file system.
NHL Official Says Players  #39;Are Not Negotiating #39; The NHL #39;s chief legal officer blasted the players #39; association yesterday for turning the last two days of contract negotiations in Ottawa into a  quot;charade quot; as the sides try to reach a labor agreement with a Sept.
China bank advisor retracts statement on US Treasurys A central bank adviser quoted as saying the government had cut its holdings of US Treasurys backtracked Friday after the speculation helped push the euro to a new all-time peak.
Nigerian Senate orders Shell to pay 1.5 billion dollar compensation (AFP) AFP - The Nigerian Senate has ordered Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell to pay 1.5 billion dollars (1.2 billion euros) compensation for damages caused by nearly 60 years of exploration in the Niger Delta, a Senate document said.
Somalia plans landmine ban, seeks patience Somalia, one of Africa #39;s most landmine infested countries, said on Friday it was considering signing a treaty aimed at banning the deadly devices, but asked the international community to be patient as it rebuilds its war
Blast in Egypt-Israel Border Hotel, Bomb Suspected (Reuters) Reuters - A huge blast tore through an Egyptian\hotel used by vacationing Israelis at the border resort of Taba\on Thursday, scattering dozens of bodies in what Israeli media\said was a suspected car bombing.
Gardner Unable to Defend His Olympic Title  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. heavyweight Rulon Gardner lost his  Olympic title Wednesday after being beaten in the semi-final  stage of the 120kg Greco-Roman wrestling event by Georgiy  Tsurtsumia of Kazakhstan.
U.S. CEOs' Confidence Slips Further (Reuters) Reuters - Confidence among chief executives in\the U.S. economy slipped for the second straight quarter,\private research firm The Conference Board said on Wednesday.
Denver vs. Cincinnati CINCINNATI (Ticker) -- It has been more than 15 years since the Cincinnati Bengals have hosted a Monday night game. But that finally ends when the Denver Broncos visit Paul Brown Stadium.
Blair admits feeling heat over hostage in Iraq Kidnappers holding a British hostage in Iraq have put Britain in a very difficult position through their effective use of the media, Prime Minister Tony Blair conceded in an interview with a Sunday newspaper.
Use script to block Windows XP SP2 updates: Microsoft Microsoft has offered yet another way for businesses to block the Automatic Update of Windows XP to the big-deal SP2 upgrade. The developer posted a copy-and-paste script to
Goldman, Ford settle IPO allocation dispute Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed on Wednesday to settle a shareholder lawsuit accusing Ford Chairman
Top seed Spadea enters Delray Beach ATP quarter-finals Top seed Vincent Spadea beat fellow American James Blake 6-3, 6-1 to reach the quarter-finals of the 380,000 US dollars Millennium International tennis tournament in Delray Beach, Florida on Thursday.
EDS picks Siebel as its preferred CRM vendor Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) is beginning to implement a new vendor-relationship strategy emphasizing deeper alliances with fewer vendors. On Monday, it plans to name Siebel Systems Inc. as the first company with which it is forging a closer partnership.
Stocks Mixed Despite Good News on Prices NEW YORK - Investors concerned about third quarter earnings looked past a surprise drop in wholesale prices, keeping stocks mixed Friday. Blue chips dropped on profit warnings from Dow component Alcoa Inc...
Browsers: Choice Is Yours The browser market lives, and IT executives should be open-minded about using Firefox and other alternatives. The browser market lives.
In Blow to Blu-Ray, Universal Backs HD DVD The HD DVD format has won a battle in its ongoing war with rival optical format Blu-ray with the announcement that Universal Pictures is backing the technology.
Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Pleads for Aid US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage, left, chats with Iraqi Minister of Planning Mahdi al-Hafidh, center, and Iraqi Minister of Electricity Ayham al-Samarrai, prior to the start of a 55-nation Iraqi reconstruction donors #39; conference in Tokyo
Accident at Dubai Airport Kills 8 A crane smashed into a wall during construction of an unfinished terminal at Dubai #39;s airport Monday, and witnesses reported at least eight workers were killed.
India  #39;aiming for wins not records #39; DHAKA: India will focus on results and not records in the first Test against Bangladesh starting today, even though two of their players are on the verge of personal milestones, captain Saurav Ganguly said.
Reports: Red Sox reach agreement with Clement BOSTON (Ticker) -- The Boston Red Sox apparently have moved quickly to address the loss of ace Pedro Martinez. According to multiple reports Friday, the Red Sox and veteran right-hander Matt Clement have come
Indian passengers killed by train At least 15 people are dead after being run down by a high-speed train in Madhya Pradesh state in India.
Japan #39;s Sumitomo tables UFJ bid The battle to form the world #39;s biggest bank has intensified after Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group tabled an offer to buy Japanese rival UFJ Holdings.
Two Wireless Broadband Standards Get A Boost The battle lines between two leading wireless broadband technologies were drawn more clearly this week as the major proponents of each approach announced that a large hardware company had joined their camp.
Is There Life After BEA? Can a new Seattle-based open source start-up become  quot;the Dell of the software industry quot;? That #39;s the question being asked by analysts commenting on the sudden publicity being given this week to SourceLabs, a
Mobile Phones Increase Tumor Risk, Study Says  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Ten or more years of mobile phone use  increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign  tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on  Wednesday by Sweden's Karolinska Institute.
SpaceShipOne Soars to Space for \$10M Prize MOJAVE, Calif. - A stubby rocket plane soared off a Mojave desert runway Monday strapped to the belly of a carrier plane, shooting for the edge of the Earth's atmosphere and a \$10 million prize...
Toymakers Disappoint, Warn on Holidays The two top U.S. toymakers, citing\uncertainty in the economy and the retail sector, posted\disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, and lowered\expectations for the crucial Thanksgiving-to-Christmas season.
New Nintendo hand-held game device to debut in US In a shift in strategy, Nintendo was expected to announce yesterday that it plans to begin selling its next generation of hand-held video game devices in the US in time for the Christmas season.
Analysis: Philosophies keep union, NHL at odds In summarizing the swap of rejected proposals that led to the latest and gloomiest freeze of negotiations in the National Hockey League #39;s ongoing lockout, league commissioner Gary Bettman detailed how close he thinks the two sides actually are to a deal.
Sun: 1.9 million downloads of Java fix (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sun Microsystems on Tuesday said there have been 1.9 million downloads of an upgraded version of J2SE to correct a possible security vulnerability in the JVM, although there have been no attacks reported based on the problem.
Turkish captives released in Iraq Ten Turkish hostages held captive by a group in Iraq since last month have returned to their company #39;s offices in Baghdad.  quot;We can confirm that the 10 Turkish hostages have been freed.
Iran Expects OPEC to Leave Quotas Steady (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC ministers will concentrate on quota\compliance rather than cutting official production ceilings to\combat falling oil prices when they meet in Cairo this week,\Iran's oil minister was quoted as saying on Monday.
Henry - may now also committ to the Gunners long-term Arsenal shareholders will head into Thursday #39;s annual general meeting at Highbury secure in the knowledge the future of their club is in safe hands.
UN Report: Effect of Sanctions On Terrorist Groups Unclear A United Nations (UN) report states that although the assets of the terrorist organization Al-Qaeda have been frozen, it is hard to tell what this means.
Australia's central bank says financial system sound, stable (AFP) AFP - Australia's central bank said the country's financial system is sound and ongoing economic growth has created a favourable outlook for financial stability.
Social Security Gets 2.7 Percent Boost WASHINGTON - More than 47 million Americans receiving Social Security will get a 2.7 percent increase - an extra \$25, on average - in their monthly checks next year, but much of the increase will be eaten up by higher Medicare premiums.    The Social Security Administration announced the cost-of-living adjustment Tuesday, and the increase will start showing up in checks in January...
Saturn moon may have ice volcano Saturn #39;s largest moon Titan may have molten ice welling up to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests.
US economic growth cools to 2.8 percent pace in second quarter WASHINGTON : The US economy braked harder than first thought in the second quarter, posting a tepid 2.8 percent annual growth rate as consumers gripped their purses, a government report showed.
Iraq #39;s top cleric arrives in Najaf on peace mission as a mortar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Abdul Hussein Al-Obeidi, Associated Press, 8/26/2004 08:16. NAJAF, Iraq (AP) Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric made a dramatic return to Najaf at the head of a massive convoy Thursday hoping to end three weeks of
Depression Drugs, Suicide Linked, Reviewer Says (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. government medical\reviewer told an advisory panel Monday that new findings\confirmed his conclusion months ago that certain\antidepressants increase the chances of suicidal behavior among\children and teens.
DEVICES: T-Mobile Germany revealed SDA and SDA Music Smartphones Today, T-Mobile Germany officially revealed the launch of the SDA and the new SDA Music Smartphones, based on Windows Mobile 2003.
GUS says Argos outperforms Retail group GUS says like-for-like sales at its key Argos chain outstripped the market in the first half as sales of consumer electronics and leisure goods shone.
Kraft Macaroni and Cheese It's that time of year when the K5 community shares its culinary secrets with each other by inundating the queue with a flood of recipes sectioned under culture.  #160;However, many of them may seem too difficult for the beginning chef.  #160;So I present to the novice cook a good starter project for the gourmet chef to be.  #160;It's a classic dish that will provide you with plenty of calories without offering too much nutrition.
Champions League round-up Real Madrid got the win they needed against Roma to progress to Champions League knockout stages. An early goal from Ronaldo and a Luis Figo brace gave Real a 3-0 victory, in a match played behind closed doors at the Stadio Olimpico.
Health hurdle for Latham #39;s campaign MARK Latham #39;s campaign to become prime minister has suffered an unexpected setback after the Labor leader was rushed to hospital suffering stomach cramps, forcing him to cancel all public engagements until next ...
Arctic team reaches destination A team of British explorers, who are retracing the steps of a Victorian  pioneer, have reached Thom Bay.
UPDATE 4-Possis tumbles after disappointing heart trial Shares of Possis Medical Inc. (POSS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled as much as 41 percent on Tuesday after the company cut its earnings outlook due to
Obesity increases cancer threat \Breast cancer is more likely to kill obese women than those of normal weight, research suggests.
American Express to Cut 2,000 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Express said on Friday it  expects to record a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge of up to \$120  million and cut 2,000 jobs related to a restructuring of its  business travel unit and the sale of some overseas operations.
Most browser pop-ups open to hijack Security researchers have warned of a vulnerability in most web browsers that could let scammers launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted websites.
OVITZ: I WANT MY PROPS Michael Ovitz hopes getting his day in court fixes his battered career and tarnished image. Ovitz testified for the fifth day in the trial that has Disney shareholders shooting
Great White Shark Gets Satellite Tracker (AP) AP - Researchers put a satellite tracking device on a 15-foot shark that appeared to be lost in shallow water off Cape Cod, the first time a great white has been tagged that way in the Atlantic.
Diamondbacks Fire Backman  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks have  fired newly-hired manager Wally Backman and are expected to  replace him with Bob Melvin, according to a published report.
Brigham seeks OK to expand \$315m plan calls for a new wing Brigham and Women's Hospital, one of the region's medical powerhouses and one of its most crowded, is proposing its largest expansion in two decades, including a new 13-floor wing connected to the main campus by tunnels and a bridge.
A UN food fight THE UNITED NATIONS #39; oil-for-food program is widening into a full- fledged scandal: bribes, siphoned-off billions and a do-nothing job for the son of UN chief Kofi Annan.
Iraqi PM okay US attack to cleanse Falluja of terrorists: Health India: Falluja (Iraq), Nov 8 : Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi today gave the go-ahead for a US-led attack on the rebel stronghold of Falluja.
Raft of storms linked to warming The deadly hurricanes that have battered the Southeast and the Caribbean this year may be a sign of things to come as climate change heats up the tropical oceans where such storms are born, scientists warned Thursday.
Magic's Mobley Out for Another Game (AP) AP - Orlando Magic guard Cuttino Mobley will be sidelined with a strained groin until the weekend, but the team said Tuesday that center Kelvin Cato is expected to return Wednesday from a sprained right ankle.
Gov #39;t Set to Make Oil Loans to Refiners With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush administration said on Thursday it will negotiate with refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Cott Q3 earnings slip; company cuts guidance TORONTO - Rising costs at its US operations pulled down third-quarter earnings at Cott Corp., the soft drink company reported Wednesday.
Sony Abandons Copy-Control Music CDs Sony #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Sportsview: Don't Count Out Clemens (AP) AP - Roger Clemens has waited a half-dozen years now for some telltale sign that his time is up.
ATA Airlines gives rivals a shot at Chicago market Bankrupt ATA Airlines #39; withdrawal from Chicago #39;s Midway International Airport presents a juicy opportunity for another airline to beef up service in the Midwest
PeopleSoft Ousts CEO in Oracle Battle (Reuters) Reuters - In Oct 1 story headlined ""PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle\Battle,"" please read in paragraph 16 ... originally offering\ #36;16 a share ... instead of ... originally offering  #36;19.50 a\share ...
Hamm keeps gold More than two months after he won it in Athens, Olympic gymnastics champion Paul Hamm will get to keep his all-around gold medal.  quot;This is obviously a great day
Security Firms Bulk Up (PC World) PC World - CA buys antispyware vendor PestPatrol while McAfee snaps up Foundstone.
Austria #39;s Elfriede Jelinek Wins Nobel Prize for Literature Austrian novelist Elfriede Jelinek was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature on October 7. True to the mood of despair cast in her novels (which include The Piano Teacher, Lust, and Women as Lovers), Jelinek, 57, said that she  quot;can #39;t stand quot; the attention
FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients (AP) AP - The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors, speeding care.
Victims of Hurricane Ivan Vow to Rebuild PENSACOLA, Fla. - Their homes are in ruin, many have only the shirts on their backs...
High Stakes in Vegas vs. Macau Glittery Las Vegas gambling has arrived in seedy Macau, promising new charms for China's inveterate players, and this former Portuguese colony may never be the same.
Lebanon: Kidnappers Have Freed Boy in Iraq (AP) AP - Kidnappers have released a 7-year-old Lebanese boy after a week they grabbed him as he was walking home from school in Iraq, the Lebanese Foreign Ministry said Friday. It was not immediately clear if a ransom was paid.
New Cabir Variants Quick To Replicate (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - F-Secure, the Finnish anti-virus software developer, has identified two new, fast-spreading versions of Cabir, the worm that infects cell phones using the Symbian operating system.
PeopleSoft Relents, Agrees Oracle Bid  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; board  has accepted a sweetened purchase offer of about \$10.3 billion,  ending a long and bitter hostile takeover battle.
Report: China Releases Tiananmen Protester (AP) AP - A factory worker who helped to organize a strike during China's 1989 pro-democracy protests has been released after nearly 15 years in prison, a U.S.-based prison rights group said Saturday.
Reports Zarqawi Seized in Iraq Untrue--U.S. Army  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Saturday that  reports that Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi had been  detained in Iraq were not credible.
Celtic receive double boost with Sutton in and Stam out CELTIC face a tall order in tonights Champions League match against AC Milan in Italy, but the Scottish champions were given encouragement yesterday when striker Chris Sutton declared himself fit for action.
Loss of face Mitsubishi Motors, damaged by a series of cover-ups over vehicle defects, yesterday produced the worst results in its 34-year history, with interim net losses doubling to 146 billion yen (744m).
Humans are getting taller, but we still weigh too much How interesting it is that scientists have discovered another species of human - an 18,000-year-old skeleton named Homo floresiensis that has been described as  quot;hobbit-sized.
Ching's Late Goal Rescues U.S. in Soccer World Cup Qualifier Although the visitors did not get a victory, the United States is still in a good position after what figured to be the most threatening game of the regional semifinal round.
Furcal Shrugs Off Distractions in Playoffs (AP) AP - Rafael Furcal will spend three weeks in a cramped, windowless jail filled with about 70 inmates when the postseason ends for the Atlanta Braves.
Sergeant in Abu Ghraib Case Pleads Guilty to 8 Counts The highest-ranking Army reservist charged in the Abu Ghraib scandal pleaded guilty on Wednesday to eight counts of abusing prisoners and described in graphic
Patriots Extend Winning Streak The New England Patriots stopped a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks, running their streak to 20 wins.
Eluding Press, Stewart Slips Into Prison Before Dawn Martha Stewart beat the news media trailing her every move by announcing that she had checked into prison in West Virginia.
AMD, IBM extend chip-development deal Chipmaker will pay Big Blue nearly \$300 million, but move should help in competition with Intel.
Armed Attackers Seize School in Russia Heavily armed insurgents, some with explosives strapped to their bodies, seized a school in southern Russia today and herded scores of people into its gymnasium.
Family rescued from Japan quake A Japanese mother and children survive for four days under a landslide triggered by Saturday's large earthquake.
Zurich Financial Services, US Settle Insurance giant Zurich Financial Services said Tuesday it had reached a US\$47.5 million (euro35.8 million) settlement in the United States to end litigation over the bankruptcy of a nursing home chain.
Walks on the wild Cards #39; side St. Louis- The World Series is no place to talk about walks and errors. It is a time for walk-off home runs, diving catches and pitchers getting big outs when nothing else is acceptable.
Debt Relief Deal for Poor Nations Seems to Be Near The U.S. and top financial institutions indicated that they were closing in on an agreement to forgive the debts of many of the world's poorest countries.
Halladay returns to form CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Roy Halladay was determined to end a difficult season on a high note. The Toronto Blue Jays #39; ace was back in his Cy Young form, throwing eight innings of one-run ball in a 4-2 victory over the New York Yankees on Saturday afternoon.
Argentina Wins First Olympic Gold for 52 Years As the Olympic Games headed into the home straight, Argentina won their first Olympic gold medal in more than half a century when their soccer team beat Paraguay Saturday.
Pay your taxes, Farc hostage told Colombian authorities apologise for demanding a tax return from a politician held by rebels for almost three years.
IBM chalks up two health care wins The deals with a university medical center and a California health care provider come two weeks after a win with the Mayo Clinic.
US Continues Major Attack on Fallujah A US Army soldier watches from atop his armoured vehicle as smoke rises in background after his unit destroyed a seized Katyusha rocket in Baghdad, Iraq, Sunday Oct. 17, 2004.
No knock on wood Pitching, defense are Sabean #39;s priorities for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The day after elimination always brings strange vibes. It #39;s too soon to let go of the rigorous season that fell short but not too early to start thinking about next year #39;s team.
Soaring oil prices largely falling flat as campaign issue Alan Goldstein pulled his silver BMW Z3 up to a Crown gas station here and filled the tank for \$22.40 -- nearly twice what he paid a few years ago.
Eight dead in Iraq car bombing spree on US election day BAGHDAD, Nov 2 (AFP) - At least eight people were killed in a car bombing spree across Iraq Tuesday that targeted symbols of the US-backed government, while hundreds of residents fled the rebel-held city of Fallujah after a night of air raids.
Two Programs Rescue Damaged Discs (AP) AP - You know it's bound to happen: One of the CDs you've burned is going to stop working  #151; be it from scratches, aging, poor manufacturing or the fact that it was made with old software.
Fueling the fires Chattanooga businessman Terry Nida has gone to Neyland Stadium in Knoxville to cheer on the University of Alabama football team since 1976.
U.S. softens oil sanctions threat against Sudan in revised UN resolution (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - UNITED NATIONS (AP) - The United States softened its threat of oil sanctions against Sudan on Tuesday to try to get Security Council approval for a resolution pressuring Khartoum to rein in Arab militias accused of attacking civilians in western Darfur.
UPDATE 2-Trulli takes pole at rainy Spa Renault #39;s Jarno Trulli claimed pole position for Sunday #39;s Belgian Grand Prix as weather conditions played into his hands in qualifying on Saturday.
Police open fire at Thai Muslim protest Up to five people have died and at least 20 injured after security forces in southern Thailand fired shots in the air and used water cannons and tear gas to disperse protestors.
Insurers Weather Storm; Stocks Climb Shares of financial services firms helped lead the broader market higher Tuesday as investors were encouraged that insurance companies saw less damage from Hurricane Frances than originally feared.
Philips to Nearly Double China R D Staff  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Dutch electronics firm Philips said on  Wednesday it plans to almost double its research and  development staff in China to 1,300 over the next 2 years,  underscoring the country's growing clout as a technology  center.
Intel 65-nanometer chip to use less power Intel #39;s 65-nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90-nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to an Intel manufacturing executive.
Wippit to gain over 1m major-label tracks Gets content from last-two-to-licence 'big four' recording firms
British military to get first Muslim chaplain: report (AFP) AFP - Britain's army forces are to get their first Muslim chaplain, a defense ministry source was quoted as saying.
Newmont considers lawsuit over jailed executives (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DENVER (AP) - Newmont Mining Co. officials said Wednesday they are considering a lawsuit against Indonesian police over the jailing of five company executives during a pollution investigation.
Update 5: Oil Prices Slide, Despite Iraq Export Drop Oil prices fell for a fifth consecutive day Thursday despite a sharp drop in Iraqi exports after pipelines were sabotaged - evidence that the bull market may have lost some steam.
Family of Iraq Hostage Urges Release (AP) AP - The government on Friday identified the British engineer who was kidnapped in Baghdad with two American colleagues, and the victim's family urged his captors to free him.
Inflation Inches Way Back Into Hong Kong's Economy China's consumer price index crept up by 0.9 percent in July compared with a year earlier, ending 68 consecutive months of decline.
After 13-month flight, Europe arrives at the moon More than 30 years after the last Apollo mission, European scientists have made it to the moon. Their experimental Smart-1 probe, powered by a revolutionary Star Trek-style thruster, has entered into orbit around the lunar surface.
A Bridge Suspended in Controversy In the history of ambitious bridge projects, doubt -- and the controversy that stems from it -- tends to make regular appearances.
QB dilemma still haunts Spartans Dale Rogers completed 85.7 percent of his passes, committed no turnovers and was the team #39;s leading rusher. Yet the Spartans still lost by 40 to Stanford.
Kazaa in Decline According to BayTSP, eDonkey/Overnet had an average of 2.54 million users per day in September while FastTrack had an average of 2.48 million.
Iraqi kidnappers release 7 Kidnappers released two Italian women and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for foreigners still in captivity. Insurgents showed no sign of easing their
Ethics Committee Ends DeLay Fact-Finding (AP) AP - The House ethics committee ended its initial information gathering Monday and now must decide whether to order a formal investigation of whether Majority Leader Tom DeLay has misused his office.
Photo: Company president holds morale meeting Tim Farrelly held a meeting for his San Francisco staffing company Wednesday to raise morale after John Kerry lost the presidential election.
Nigerian oil flows, for now The threat of violence in petroleum-rich Nigeria this week, followed by a spike in oil prices, underscored yet again that country #39;s importance and danger to companies that work there.
Google Slashes IPO Price Range  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the world's most popular  Web search engine, on Wednesday slashed the price range on its  eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO) to between \$85  and \$95 per share from between \$108 and \$135 per share.
Italy #39;s steady Frattini heading to EU Commission ROME - Foreign Minister Franco Frattini was today named Italy #39;s next European commissioner following the withdrawal at the weekend of the initial candidate, Rocco Buttiglione.
Sportsview: Time for Haas to Pay His Dues (AP) AP - Bill Haas never imagined playing anywhere but the PGA Tour, and he couldn't hide his frustration after coming up two shots short of a tour card at Q-school.
New rule: Firms must expense options Companies must start expensing employee stock options in earnings statements next year, US accounting rule makers declared on Thursday, a move that could signal the end of a long-standing bookkeeping practice that many argued allowed
Ex-soldier, warlord becomes Somali leader A former soldier, rebel and warlord was sworn in Thursday as the new president of Somalia in the latest attempt to unite the nation under a central government for the first time since 1991.
No. 2 Kan. Trounces La.-Lafayette, 96-51 (AP) AP - Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in a torrid first half that propelled second-ranked Kansas over Louisiana-Lafayette 96-51 Saturday night.
Leonid Meteor Shower Peaks Friday The Leonid meteor shower will peak on Friday in the early hours before dawn. Sky-watchers say long, glowing meteor trails will highlight the heavenly show.
Exxon Mobil to Take Charge Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest publicly traded oil company, said on Friday it would take a charge of \$550 million in the third quarter to cover
Bush Welcomes Scandal-Plagued Berlusconi (AP) AP - Days after he was acquitted in a corruption trial, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi got a warm welcome Wednesday from President Bush, who is grateful to Italy as a rare European ally willing to send troops to Iraq.
Mystery death of British tourist at Ayers Rock deepens after autopsy (AFP) AFP - The mystery death of a middle-aged British tourist near Australia's world renowned Ayers Rock this week deepened following an autopsy that failed to establish the cause, police said.
Schwartzel delights the home supporters with maiden victory IF YOURE South African, young and very promising, with an eye on a long and successful career around the world, you would be delighted to win your maiden event in your home country as near as possible to where you were born, which is exactly what Charl
Customers To Get LCS 2005 In December Microsoft is now burning disks of Live Communication Server 2005. The real-time communications product should be broadly available December 1, the company said Monday.
A pitch for presents of peace With only 30 shopping days till Christmas, there #39;s no time to lose. So here are some nifty gift ideas for the youngsters on your list: - JFK Reloaded.
Pats streak past Miami for record win It was just a week ago that Miami Dolphins tight end Randy McMichael seemed beside himself after another loss in which his team turned the ball over, made costly penalties and couldn
US stocks hit by surge in oil prices NEW YORK - Wall Street shares took a beating yesterday as a fresh surge in oil prices dented sentiment among investors already fretting about the coming corporate earnings season.
Big surprise by Indian board Calcutta, India - The Indian cricket board made a surprise move on Thursday by granting television production and distribution rights for the upcoming Test series against Australia, even as the Supreme Court was hearing a petition by another network
Bit Bytes : Halo 2 At gaming stores, lines went through doors as people arrived at midnight to get the first copies. Halo 2 was definitely worth the wait.
Peru Rebel Leader Offers to Surrender (Reuters) Reuters - The leader of an armed group which\took over a police station in a southern Peruvian town three\days ago and demanded the president's resignation made a fresh\promise on Monday to surrender.
Kroger's Profit Climbs, Misses Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Kroger Co. , the top U.S.\grocer, on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 29 percent as it\kept a tight rein on expenses and sales rebounded.
As Sun reveals Solaris 10, users pleased While Sun Microsystems on Monday held its official launch of the Solaris 10 operating system, the future of the operating system, and perhaps Sun itself, was being decided many miles away, at organizations such as the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and FedEx
Tennessee safety Johnson suspended for firing gun near campus Brandon Johnson, a starting safety with the University of Tennessee football team, was suspended indefinitely because he fired a gun into the air near campus.
Bank of Montreal to pay \$197.4M for Indiana #39;s Mercantile Bank TORONTO (CP) - Bank of Montreal and US subsidiary Harris Bank are paying \$197.4 million for Indiana #39;s 19-branch Mercantile Bank as they bolster their successful operations in the US Midwest.
Droughns Helps Broncos Stay Atop AFC West (AP) AP - Reuben Droughns had another 100-yard game to help the Denver Broncos stay atop the AFC West for another week.
A Room With a View for the International Space Station European Space Agency -- Development phase completion of the European-built observation module, or ""cupola"", for the International Space Station will be marked by a ceremony at the Alenia Spazio facility in Turin, Italy on Monday 6 September.     The cupola, currently scheduled for launch in January 2009, is an observation and control tower for the ISS, with windows that will provide a panoramic view for observing and guiding operations on the outside of the station...
Asian Stocks Rise on U.S. Tech Advances (Reuters) Reuters - Investors bought shares in Asian\exporters and electronics firms such as Fujitsu Ltd. on\Tuesday, buoyed by a favorable outlook from U.S. technology\bellwethers and a slide in oil prices.
Dimon to Acquire tobacco Leaf Rival Standard Commercial Dimon to acquire tobacco leaf rival Standard Commercial
Patriots 24, Ravens 3 The New England Patriots showed the stingiest team in the NFL that they also can dominate on defense. They shut down Baltimore 24-3 Sunday, scoring on a fumble recovery and holding the Ravens to 124 yards.
Sudan 'considers' Turabi charges Sudan says it will decide next week whether to charge Islamist leader Hassan Turabi over an alleged coup attempt.
Barroso to meet leaders over Buttiglione The incoming president of the European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso, is to meet party leaders in the European Parliament. This morning #39;s meeting is a bid to avert a crisis over the nomination of Italian Rocco Buttiglione as Justice Commissioner.
Barrichello takes Italian Grand Prix Rubens Barrichello won yesterday's Italian Grand Prix, overcoming an unscheduled early pit stop to finish ahead of world champion Michael Schumacher in a 1-2 finish by Ferrari on its home track at Monza. Barrichello, who trails Schumacher by 38 points, has won this race two of the last three years, and now has eight Formula One career victories. Schumacher, who ...
Decision appealing for Kapler and Nixon Beware, titans of the legal world. There may be a new force in town.  quot;I'm going to hire the law firm of Kapler and Nixon, quot; Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein said after outfielders Gabe Kapler and Trot Nixon yesterday won the appeals of their three-game suspensions and \$1,000 fines for their roles in the July 24 bench-clearing incident with ...
Menatep acts to bloc Yukos sale Yukos' main shareholder files a legal complaint to prevent Russia selling off the embattled oil giant's key unit,  reports say.
Strong Quake, Aftershocks Hit Japan; at Least 6 Dead  TOKAMACHI, Japan (Reuters) - A powerful earthquake and  strong aftershocks rocked northern Japan, killing at least six  people, injuring more than 500 while knocking out power and  phone services and forcing thousands to evacuate, media said.
Report Sounds Alarm on Pace of Arctic Climate Change The most comprehensive international assessment of Arctic climate change has concluded that Earth #39;s upper latitudes are experiencing unprecedented increases in temperature
Argentina to tackle tax 'evaders' The government of Buenos Aires, the richest province of Argentina, says it wants to seize the safety deposit boxes of 35,000 alleged tax debtors.
Bowl Schedule Confused U-Va.'s decision to decline any postseason bowl invitations that conflict with final exams is causing a headache for the ACC.
Apache Geronimo readied as Java app server (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - LAS VEGAS -- Geronimo, the open source Java application server in development by the Apache Software Foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project. #160;
Better every week Wolverines hold onto high hopes for season It is an all-for-one, one-for-all game if ever one existed. The complexity, the speed, the violence all dictate that, and even those who practice the team concept fervently sometimes find it isn #39;t good enough.
Citigroup division ordered to pay fine, restitution for high-risk &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Securities regulators have ordered a division of Citigroup Inc. to pay \$478,000 in a fine and restitution for allegedly recommending high-risk commodity futures funds to people who shouldn
Power struggle also to blame for Sudan violence KHARTOUM, Sudan - The violence in Sudan #39;s western province of Darfur, where more than 30,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands have been displaced, is widely portrayed as an ethnic-cleansing campaign by Arab militias ...
Air China raises \$1.07bn in IPO Air China, the biggest and last of China's three large airlines to list on the stock market, prices its float near the top of its  target range.
Panel delays latest ALH bid WOOLWORTHS went on a shopping spree last night, trying to grab 20 per cent of pubs owner Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality in its bid to thwart rival Coles Myer.
Troubled KB Toys to close more stores PITTSFIELD, Mass. -- KB Toys Inc., the toy store chain which sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in January, announced Tuesday that it will close another 148 to 238 stores.
Update 2: Ahold, Three Former Execs Settle Charges Global grocery retailer Ahold NV has agreed to a settlement of civil fraud charges over an alleged \$1 billion overstatement of earnings in a deal with US regulators that does not fine the company.
Quake, gale kill two in Bali, N. Sumatra An earthquake killed one person and injured two others on Wednesday on the resort island of Bali, while a gale that swept through several parts of the country claimed one life and damaged hundreds of houses in North Sumatra.
Smoltz back in starting rotation He has won 20. He has saved 50. And now that he #39;s back in the Braves #39; starting rotation, he #39;ll probably win 20 again. John Smoltz last started a game back in the 2001 season.
Decoding Dusty Disks The Spitzer and Hubble Space Telescopes each have found dusty disks around sun-like stars. Finding such rings of dusty debris around stars the size of the sun is difficult, because they are fainter and harder
It #39;s the Me Generation In this, the Summer of Vince Carter #39;s Discontent, Raptors GM Rob Babcock finds himself in a difficult, but not unique position, dealing with a recalcitrant star who wants nothing less than a change of venue to kick-start a career that #39;s gone dormant and a
Bucks escape with win over Bobcats MILWAUKEE (Ticker) -- After getting off to a slow start, Michael Redd provided a fantastic finish. Redd scored a season-high 30 points, including a pair of clutch jumpers in the final 90 seconds that lifted
Muslim Player Who Sought Exemption Quits (AP) AP - A University of South Florida women's basketball player who wanted to wear Islamic clothing on the court quit the team on Wednesday.
Catering to the Consumers With Animal Appetites Omaha Steaks is venturing into the multibillion-dollar pet market, and it's not the only company hoping to go to the dogs.
Williams willing to wait for Button Williams have refused to give up on signing Jenson Button to drive for them, but admitted that they will have to wait until 2006 before he joins the team.
Microsoft Live Communications Server 2005 Coming Dec. 1 Live Communications Server 2005, Microsoft #39;s second-generation real-time communications server, is released to manufacturing and will be generally available on Dec. 1, the company said Tuesday.
Retired Judge Wins GOP Del. Gov. Primary (AP) AP - Retired judge Bill Lee, the runner-up in the Republican gubernatorial primary in 2000, won his party's nomination for Delaware governor Saturday, setting up a November showdown with Democratic Gov. Ruth Ann Minner.
Nicotine Addiction Gene Identified Researchers say they have identified brain cell receptors that appear to be responsible for nicotine addiction, a finding of clear importance for smokers who are desperately trying to kick the habit.
LSU #39;s Saban meets with Dolphins for  #39;preliminary conversation #39; LSU coach Nick Saban met with the Miami Dolphins about their opening Tuesday night, the school announced Wednesday morning.  quot;I owe it to the people of Louisiana and the fans of LSU football to let them know
Titan clouds seen to come and go Scientists now have their first direct evidence of changing weather patterns on Titan, Saturn's largest moon.
A  quot;psychological war quot; Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant a  quot;psychological war quot; in his diary The Last season: A Team in Search of its Soul, which will be released next month.
GOLF: TIGER WIN ENDS NIGHTMARE RUN TIGER WOODS lifted his first strokeplay trophy in 13 months yesterday with an eight-shot victory in the Dunlop Phoenix tournament.
After toiling in boxing #39;s minor leagues, Wright ready to make his &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Winky Wright toiled for years in boxing #39;s minor leagues, patiently waiting for his big chance. Even when he won a piece of the 154-pound title, not many in the sport paid much attention.
Indonesia steps up clamp on militants JAKARTA: Indonesian police said yesterday they had redoubled efforts to track militants blamed for a suicide car bomb attack on the Australian embassy, and released video recordings of the powerful blast.
U.S. Rowers Advance Americans Aquil Abdullah and Henry Nuzum row their double scull furiously down the stretch to cross the line in a dead heat with Norway on Wednesday, winning both teams a spot in a rare seven-boat final.
Isringhausen has hip surgery, should be ready for spring training Cardinals closer Jason Isringhausen had successful surgery on his left hip Monday and should be fully recovered in time for spring training.
Report: BofA job cuts total 1,365 American Banker reports Ken Lewis, chief executive of Charlotte-based Bank of America Corp. says the bank has laid off 1,365 former FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Klitschko unimpressed by Lewis comeback hint By Anthony Evans in Las Vegas pic by Mr Will : WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko has welcomed the news that bitter rival Lennox Lewis is considering a comeback with derision.
French driver killed in motorcycle rally racing in Egypt #39;s desert French driver Richard Sainct died in a crash Wednesday during the fourth stage of the International Cross Country Rally, Pharaohs Rally in Egypt.
Twins Keep U.S. Hopes Alive in Davis Cup Final  SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Twins Bob and Mike Bryan breezed  past Spain's Tommy Robredo and Juan Carlos Ferrero on Saturday  to give the United States a glimmer of hope of rescuing the  Davis Cup final.
Taylor Charged With DUI Free safety Sean Taylor was arrested by Virginia State Police on Thursday and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and refusing to take the alcohol breath test.
Microsoft and Sendo end row British mobile phone maker Sendo has settled a David and Goliath-style lawsuit against Microsoft in which it accused the software firm of stealing its secrets and trying to force it out of business.
Santander Posts 64 Percent Profit Rise Santander Central Hispano SA said Wednesday that net profit for the third quarter nearly doubled to euro1.17 billion (\$1.49 billion), with much of the gain coming from the sale of its stake in the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Heat Defeat Hawks 92-82 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal swatted away Boris Diaw's layup to preserve a 26-point lead, then waved into a nearby television camera the moment he landed on his feet. O'Neal found a few ways to say hello to his new city Monday night, dominating so much in the early going that he was able to sit out almost an entire half of a 92-82 victory over the Atlanta Hawks.
Defense Work Gives CACI Boost In Earnings  Lucrative Defense Department contracts, gained partly through acquisitions, helped boost CACI International Inc.'s first-quarter revenue and profit.
#39;Half-Life 2 #39; Release Set for November After Delay Vivendi Universal Games said on Tuesday it plans to ship  quot;Half-Life 2 quot; to retailers in November, bringing to market the eagerly anticipated PC game that has been plagued by missed launch dates and a hacker attack on its
Juninho tries on Larsson #39;s No 7 shirt For a small man, he looks as though he will wear it lightly. No sooner had Juninho completed his protracted move from Middlsbrough to Celtic - he has signed a two-year contract, subject to
Merck Withdraws Arthritis Drug Vioxx (Reuters) Reuters - Merck   Co.  said on Thursday\withdrew its arthritis drug Vioxx globally after a colon cancer\trial confirmed long-standing concerns the drug raises the risk\of heart attack and stroke.
SBC Selects Alcatel as Primary Supplier for Project Lightspeed in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS, October 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- SBC Communications announced today that it has selected Alcatel (PARIS: CGEP.PA and NYSE: ALA) as its primary network infrastructure and services supplier in a deal that is estimated to be worth USD 1.7 billion
New DVD Format Being Marketed One layer of the new disk is in standard DVD format, while the other layer will be in the HD DVD format. Such a combination lets film studios put a movie in DVD format on one side and, on the other, in HD DVD format.
Alien aims to multiply and thrive MORGAN HILL, Calif. -- In the lobby of Alien Technology, giant statues of Robbie the Robot and Klaatu from  quot;The Day the Earth Stood Still quot; stand guard over the reception area. Hanging on one doorway leading to the inner sanctum is a sign that reads:  quot;Area 52. Restricted Area. Secret Research Facility. quot;
Political split over date threatens Iraq elections An escalating political rift among Iraq #39;s main religious groups and continued violence throughout the country are threatening parliamentary elections set for January.
IBM in Voice Services Deal With Lloyds International Business Machines Corp. said Monday it will provide voice and data services to British financial-services company Lloyds TSB Group PLC for seven years in a deal worth \$971.6 million.
Britain  #39;did not disclose warning of coup plot #39; The British Government was told of an alleged plot to overthrow Equatorial Guinea #39;s government months in advance, it was reported yesterday.
Senate Confirms Treasury's Bitsberger (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Senate on Sunday confirmed\Timothy Bitsberger as assistant secretary for financial\markets, the key debt market post in the Treasury Department.
Pilot accord might aid Delta The battered shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. surged nearly 9 percent yesterday after its pilots agreed to salary cuts to try to help the ailing carrier avoid
Former Seahawks Star Arrested (AP) AP - Former Seattle Seahawks running back Chris Warren has been arrested in Virginia on a federal warrant, accused of failing to pay  #36;137,147 in child support for his two daughters in Washington state.
Bank of America to Slash 4,500 Jobs CHARLOTTE, NC Oct. 7, 2004 - Bank of America Corp. said Thursday that it plans to cut about 2.5 percent of its work force, eliminating about 4,500 jobs as part of a restructuring following its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Soaring oil  #39;hits world economy #39; The soaring cost of oil has hit global economic growth, although world #39;s major economies should weather the storm of price rises, according to the OECD.
IAEA Leader #39;s Phone Tapped The Bush administration has dozens of intercepts of Mohamed ElBaradei #39;s phone calls with Iranian diplomats and is scrutinizing them in search of ammunition to oust him as director general of
The state of the world Given the impact and growing inter-connectedness of the world media, it is not surprising that Trinidadians, more than ever, are aware of the state of our world.
IBM Deal Puts Lenovo on Global Stage The deal is a dramatic sign of the ongoing transformation of the still nominally communist People's Republic of China into an increasingly outward-looking nation integrating itself into the world economy.&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Supermarket chain Loblaw #39;s profit up 18 at \$258M with merchandise &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Cost-cutting and a further shift toward higher-margin general merchandise in new stores helped Loblaw Cos. Ltd. grow its quarterly profit by 18 per cent, executives at Canada #39;s biggest supermarket chain said Friday.
New PC in Old Mac Clothes Tinkerer Iain Sharp couldn't bear to part with his first computer -- a Mac SE/30 -- so he turned it into a powerful media server using a mini PC motherboard and a software emulator. By Leander Kahney.
UPDATE: Singapore ST Engineering 3Q Net 17 To S\$102.1M SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd. (S63.SG) reported a 17 rise in third-quarter net profit Friday because of stronger earnings from its ship-repair and shipbuilding activities.
Stocks Drop on \$49 Oil, Slowing Economy US blue-chip stocks fell on Thursday to nearly a five-week low as crude oil touched \$49 a barrel, close to the record set last month, and a key gauge of future economic activity fell for a third straight month.
Soccer handoff sign of success HERAKLIO, Crete -- You hang around long enough, you see a kid who had your picture up on the wall, and who thought you were some kind of a goddess, take your pass and score the goal that gives you one last chance at a gold medal.
FOOTBALL: YAK DOES TRICK FOR POMPEY PORTSMOUTH striker Aiyegbeni Yakubu fired a stunning hat-trick in a seven-goal thriller at Fratton Park last night. Pompey claimed their first Premiership win of the season - but they didn #39;t half make it difficult for themselves.
Dolphins off to worst start since first season FOXBORO, Mass.  The New England Patriots claimed a place in NFL history Sunday while the Dolphins continued on their march toward NFL infamy.
UPDATE 1-Jimenez snatches back Masters lead Miguel Angel Jimenez snatched back the lead at the European Masters on Saturday with fellow Ryder Cup players Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald sharing second place.
Recorder cuts a dash MANY inexpensive DVD recorders will do a fine job as a replacement for your VCR when it comes to time-shifting television programs.
Greece was game ATHENS -- Nobody wanted to leave. If they could have, everybody would have stayed inside the stadium all night dancing to bouzouki music under the full moon.
Earnhardt Takes Lead Despite winning Sunday's race and taking the overall Nextel Cup lead, Dale Earnhardt Jr. could lose points after cursing in an interview.
Buckeyes won #39;t play in NCAA or NIT tourneys COLUMBUS, Ohio Ohio State has sanctioned its men #39;s basketball team, barring the Buckeyes from playing in the NCAA or NIT tournaments this season.
Tigers to resume  #39; #39;freedom struggle #39; #39; if talks not resumed Colombo, Nov 27 (UNI) The LTTE today threatened to resume the  #39; #39;freedom struggle #39; #39; if the Sri Lankan Government did not resume the peace talks on the basis of its proposal for an interim self-rule.
EC takes on carmakers over parts The European commission yesterday lambasted European carmakers for an unprecedented campaign to overturn its plans to throw open the 10bn (6.
Weather dampens High Street sales UK High Street spending growth slows in August, partly hit by wet weather, a British Retail Consortium survey finds.
Symbol upgrades its wireless LAN switch Symbol Technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless LAN on Monday with the introduction of its WS 2000 Wireless Switch.
Hollinger Chronicles: tale of corporate plunder A new expression has entered the Scandal lexicon in the last week. The hard-hitting internal report from Hollinger International referring to the way that Conrad Black allegedly ran the company described it as being a corporate kleptocracy.
Serena Blasts Umpire After Dramatic Defeat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bitter, angry, upset and cheated were  a few of the words Serena Williams used to describe her  feelings after a controversial quarter-final defeat by fellow  American Jennifer Capriati at the U.S. Open on Tuesday.
Strike to protest fatal grenade attack at political rally cripples &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A general strike called to protest a recent grenade attack that killed 20 people at an opposition political rally brought Bangladesh to a near standstill Monday.
NL Wrap: Pujols Boosts Cards, Giants Delight for Bonds (Reuters) Reuters - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home\run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight\year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh\Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
English elm 'brought by Romans' English elms could be descended from one tree brought here by Romans 2,000 years ago, scientists say.
Miami, capital of Cuban exiles, abuzz with news of Castro #39;s fall MIAMI, Oct 21 (AFP) - Known as the capital of Cuban exiles, Miami was abuzz Thursday with news of President Fidel Castro #39;s accident, with many Cuban-Americans bemoaning that the communist leader only fell on his face, and not from power.
Steel crisis leaves Nissan output  #39;at risk #39; The steel crisis at Nissan Motor might force the carmaker to reduce production by a further 15,000 vehicles next March on top of the 25,000 that have been
UAE Urges Radical Arab Reform from Within (Reuters) Reuters - The United Arab Emirates urged fellow\Arabs Monday to implement radical political and economic\reform, saying history and their people would not forgive them\if they failed to do so.
Nokia unveils three new camera phones The worlds largest mobile phone maker Nokia presented three new camera phones on Tuesday, including the 7710 media device, which it said would hit Asian stores in the last quarter of this year.
F.A.A. Faced With Aging of Computers and Staff The Federal Aviation Administration is facing some of the same problems that are driving the airlines to bankruptcy, rising costs and declining income.
Oil Surges on Storm, Supply Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices surged nearly \$2 on  Friday on worries the stormy season in the Gulf of Mexico would  continue to hamper energy production and imports, delaying  vital stock building ahead of the coming winter months.
Virgin Unveils Super-Small MP3 Player; Goes After iPod mini Virgin Electronics announced Tuesday its own portable digital music player weighing less than the Apple iPod mini with an additional 1 gigabyte of storage space.
Egyptians close off bombed hotel With Israeli rescue workers gone, the Egyptian military closed off the scene of a luxury hotel bombing that targeted Israeli tourists to clear more debris yesterday and collect evidence for investigators tracing the explosives and vehicles.
Higher Energy Prices Help Chevron Earnings The No. 2 U.S. oil company reported a rise in quarterly profit pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on asset sales.
Japan princess Masako makes rare public appearance Japanese Crown Princess Masako has made a rare appearance in public after months of seclusion as the palace released home videos of her two-year-old daughter.
NFL: Philadelphia cruise past defenceless Dallas The Philadelphia Eagles ensured that their National Football League (NFL) losing streak was contained to a single game and inflicted the worst home loss ever suffered by a Dallas Cowboys team in the process.
News: The strange death of the mass mailing virus Mass mailing viruses will go the way of macro viruses and become much rarer next year.
Apple Opens London Store Ron Johnson, Apple senior VP of Retail, and John O #146;Grady, general manager of the Apple Store, Regent Street, cut the ribbon to signal the opening of the world #146;s largest and most-anticipated Apple retail store.  See photos from the grand opening. Nov 22
Dollar Rebounds After Setting New Low Mark Against Euro The U.S. dollar rallied after dropping to a record low Thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency's slide.
Souness Disappointed With Indiscipline Graeme Souness felt his Newcastle United side failed to cope with Bnei Sakhnin #39;s tactics during a 2-0 first leg Uefa Cup victory at St James Park that saw Nicky Butt and Abbass Swan of Bnei Sakhnin sent off and five visiting players booked.
South Americans Make Offer to EU on Trade (AP) AP - The South American trade bloc Mercosur has made a new offer in a bid to advance stalled trade talks with the European Union and clinch a trans-Atlantic free trade deal by an October deadline.
Explosions in Baghdad's Green Zone Kill 8 (AP) AP - Two bombs apparently carried in by insurgents exploded at an outdoor market and a popular cafe in Baghdad's heavily guarded Green Zone on Thursday, killing eight civilians and wounding a number of others, a U.S. military spokesman said.
Top Colombia militant gunned down Colombian paramilitary leader Miguel Arroyave is killed, casting further doubts on ongoing peace talks.
'Shark Tale' Hooks Movie-Goers With \$49.1M LOS ANGELES - The animated fish story ""Shark Tale"" swamped the competition, opening as the top weekend movie with \$49.1 million and potentially breaking the record for best October debut. John Travolta and Joaquin Phoenix's firefighting adventure ""Ladder 49"" premiered in second place with \$22.8 million, according to studio estimates Sunday...
Charlie Bell recovering from second colorectal surgery CHICAGO McDonald #39;s President and CEO Charlie Bell is resting comfortably today after undergoing a second colorectal procedure.
British soldier wounded in roadside bomb in Iraq (AFP) AFP - British soldiers operating south of Baghdad were targeted in two bomb attacks, including one suicide car bombing and another attack that left one soldier injured.
Beat goes on for Manuel, Thome com. Thome has known Charlie Manuel for his entire professional baseball life, which started shortly after he became a 13th-round draft pick by the Cleveland Indians in 1989.
Philippines link to JI training A SECRET government report says Muslim guerillas in the southern Philippines have hosted terror training camps for militants from Indonesia and Malaysia for at least seven years.
Ortiz, Red Sox set fire to bats at home of A #39;s OAKLAND, CALIF. - David Ortiz homered and drove in four runs to lead the Boston Red Sox to their 12th win in 13 games, a wild 8-3 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Monday night.
Hungary Wins Gold in Olympic Water Polo Tamas Kasas was born the same month Hungary won its sixth Olympic water polo gold medal. For two decades, Hungarians waited for somebody like him to revive its dominance in a sport
VOICE MAIL Your brilliant lead article entitled  #39;Of The Bullet, for the bullet, by the bullet #39; clearly sums up the whole truth about the Veerappan drama.
Extinct Giant Deer Survived Ice Age, Study Says Now a new study, published tomorrow in the science journal Nature, suggests that another striking mammal, the Irish elk, likewise lived way beyond the last ice age.
Bush Twins Host Pre-Convention Party (AP) AP - Barbara and Jenna Bush, the president's 22-year-old twin daughters, arrived like rock 'n' roll stars at a Republican convention party Sunday, complete with red carpet, cameras and paparazzi shouting for a smile.
Sports briefs November 12, 2004 The final cost of the Athens Olympics soared to about \$11.6 billion -- at least \$3.1 billion more than originally estimated. The figure did not include transportation projects such as the new tram line, suburban
Beckham doubt for Poland clash David Beckham has only 48 hours to recover from a rib injury that threatens to rule him out of Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Poland.
McNair Hurt in Loss Daunte Culpepper completes 24 of 30 mostly low-risk passes, and an aggressive Vikings defense knocks Titans quarterback Steve McNair out of the game in a 20-3 win.
Steps to curb Chinese growth  #39;working #39; China #39;s efforts to slow economic growth by reining in investment in industries such as steel and cement were working, said vice-premier Huang Ju, suggesting further measures, such as an interest rate rise, might be unnecessary.
Wis. Plans to Invest in Stem Cell Study (AP) AP - Gov. Jim Doyle announced plans Wednesday to invest nearly  #36;750 million to support human embryonic stem cell research and other medical experiments.
Telstra CEO out ahead of full sale Australian telecommunications giant Telstra is looking for a new CEO to handle its full privatization after incumbent Ziggy Switkowski resigned Wednesday.
Sanneh Scores As Crew Beat Earthquakes 1-0 (AP) AP - Tony Sanneh scored his first MLS goal in six years, helping the Columbus Crew extend their unbeaten streak to 12 games with a 1-0 victory over the San Jose Earthquakes on Wednesday night.
The Sponsor Moves In The Days, owned by its advertisers, may boost ABC'S bottom line. But will they control content?
What #39;s behind Israeli construction permits? Timing of new building in West Bank linked to political survival instincts of Ariel Sharon. In a move that caught both the international community and the Bush administration by surprise, the government of Israel Tuesdayissued contract proposals for 1,001 ...
NLD MP urges people to sign petition Despite intimidation by the ruling Burmese military authorities, the National League for Democracy (NLD) members have continued the signature campaign with increased momentum calling for the release of all political prisoners including NLD leaders Daw ...
Cantwell says mad cow feed loopholes still aren #39;t closed A year after the first US case of mad cow disease was reported, Sen. Maria Cantwell says the Food and Drug Administration still has not fulfilled its promise to tighten animal feed rules to help prevent future cases.
AOL Parent Sets Up \$500 Million Reserve Time Warner Inc. said yesterday that it is creating a \$500 million reserve in response to the federal investigations of its America Online unit and that it also will restate AOL Europe #39;s financial results for 2000 and 2001.
Muddling #39; economy suffers bad day: Several factors contributed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wall Street got the blues yesterday and took it out on blue chip stocks amid concerns about declining corporate profits, recent oil price spikes and an expected boost today in short-term interest rates by the Federal Reserve.
WFP warns of two million displaced in Darfur by December (AFP) AFP - A top UN aid official warned that the number of people chased from their homes in Sudan's strife-torn Darfur region would reach two million by next month.
Boston: Dazed, Amazed In just a week, fans in Boston have experienced emotions ranging from despair to elation as the Red Sox come back to win four straight games and advance to the World Series.
Sony to Add Stores, Worrying Retailers (AP) AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles. As it turns out, the small store would represent a big change in how Sony sells its televisions, DVD players and other gear.
Losing Puts Frustrated Parcells in a Foul Mood Coach Bill Parcells refused to talk about his future in Dallas, a tenure that may be short-lived if the Cowboys' troubles continue.
FDA scientist details problems of five drugs During a Senate hearing Thursday regarding Vioxx, the arthritis blockbuster pulled off the market in September over concerns about increased risk of heart attacks and
For the Red Sox, Loyalty Is a Dish Not Served at All There is too much of the one-sided version of the story going around, especially in Boston, now that Pedro Martnez has said he is on his way to Shea Stadium.
Health Holds Back Mesi Jack Mesi was a boxer on the rise until March 13 when several knockdowns brought on subdural hematomas or bleeding on the brain, boxers' No. 1 cause of death.
George Bush Site Rejecting Visitors October 28, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to reports by research and analysis firm Netcraft (netcraft.com), earlier this week the official Web site for President George W. Bush began rejecting visitors from outside the United States
England to field full-strength team against Canada in rugby Test &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - After losing four straight - and five of the last six - world rugby champion England is in a snarly mood. The English have dropped to third in the world rankings.
Drawing Semiconductor Circuits, One Tiny Line at a Time A new chip-making technology that uses a special kind of electron microscope to draw the circuits and will lead to better memory chips.
Japanese police: 9 suicides may be part of Web pact TOKYO -- Nine people were found dead in two rented vehicles Tuesday, with the windows sealed and charcoal burners at their feet, in what police are calling modern Japan #39;s largest suicide pact.
Oil, Astra Lead European Stocks Down (Reuters) Reuters - European shares retreated on Wednesday as\AstraZeneca's business update disappointed investors and on\nagging concerns that soaring oil prices will hurt the quality\of future earnings.
Vintner Chalone Spurns Rothchild,Stock Up The Chalone Wine Group Ltd. (CHLN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) a US winemaker, on Monday rejected an existing buyout offer from French luxury wine maker Domaines Barons de Rothschild, saying it was now entertaining a better offer.
German terror suspects detained AP - A German judge on Saturday allowed the continued detention of three men suspected of planning an attack on Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi while he was in Germany, prosecutors spokesman Hartmut Schneider said.
UN spy-bug shock A SECRET listening device has been found at the Geneva offices of the United Nations. Workers found the sophisticated eavesdropping equipment, possibly made in Russia or eastern Europe, during renovation work
UnitedHealthcare Settles Medicare Charges  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - UnitedHealth Group's &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UNH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;UNH.N&lt;/A&gt;  UnitedHealthcare Insurance Co. has agreed to pay \$3.5 million  to settle charges that it defrauded the Medicare program, the  Justice Department said on Monday.
U.S. to Support Limiting Shark Trade (AP) AP - The United States will join with Australia and Madagascar in arguing that great white sharks need to be protected through new global trade restrictions.
Intel Raises Quarterly Revenue Target Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest maker of microchips, on Thursday raised its quarterly revenue outlook, citing strong worldwide
Seahawks reclaim first place in NFC West Rookie Michael Boulware saved the game for the Seattle Seahawks. Maybe the season, too. Boulware intercepted a pass by AJ Feeley and returned it 63 yards for a touchdown with 56 seconds remaining
European countries agree on Iran nuke deadline TEHRAN: France, Britain and Germany proposing a November deadline for Iran to dispel concern that it has a covert atom bomb program.
New Orion workstation puts cluster in a box A new company thinks it has the answer to the complaints of scientists and engineers looking for high-performance computing (HPC) on the desktop. The Orion Cluster Workstation packs the power of a PC cluster into a desktop-size package using low-power chips and an innovative motherboard design.
To Forecast Climate Change, Scientists Core Antarctic Ice Braving some of the world's coldest temperatures and wickedest winds, researchers are drilling ice cores in Antarctica to answer questions about global climate change.
Gilchrist #39;s follow-on fears AUSTRALIAN captain Adam Gilchrist admitted today he was spooked by the prospect of enforcing the follow-on because of Steve Waugh #39;s fateful attempt during the Calcutta Test of 2001.
Indonesian cleric on trial for terrorism Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir has gone on trial in Indonesia on charges of leading Jemaah Islamiah, a militant network seen as the Southeast Asian arm of al Qaeda.
It's Football, Not 'Footloose' In the NFL, it used to be the object of the game was to get into the end zone. Now, the object of the game is to get into the end zone &lt;em&gt;and act like a fool.&lt;/em&gt;
FAO opens flagship Manhattan store FAO Schwarz, the upmarket toy retailer that has been closed for nearly a year, yesterday opened its redesigned flagship Manhattan store in time for the start of the holiday spending season.
Safety concerns may scuttle liquefied gas terminal near Quebec &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - Fears of an explosion and concerns about public safety may lead to the scrapping of a planned natural gas importing terminal near Quebec City despite future fuel supply needs.
More Web Shopping Is What's in Store The retail sector overall may be reporting a sluggish start to the season, but holiday shoppers are scooping up tech goods at a brisk pace -- and they're scouring the Web for bargains more than ever. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Such incidents won #39;t deter me: Shahrukh Hours after a bomb ripped through his concert at Colombo, Shah Rukh Khan, who returned to Mumbai with his team mates, said the incident will not deter him from holding similar shows.
Roddick Will Need Patience in Davis Cup (AP) AP - Andy Roddick is known for his power. He'll need patience, too, in the Davis Cup final against Spain.
MAC to fill Pac-10 #39;s slot in Silicon Valley bowl The Silicon Valley Bowl is close to finalizing a deal to bring a team from the Mid-American Conference to the game in place of a Pac-10 team.
Cisco Pays \$16M To Acquire Network Management Firm RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Cisco Systems is acquiring a California-based network management appliance developer for approximately \$16 million in cash.
Some Scientists are Looking to Fat for Stem Cells Fat is a little-discussed source of stem cells, those versatile biological building blocks that can morph into a variety of tissues. However, fat-derived stem cells, researchers say, might someday provide replacement tissue for treating such conditions as Parkinson's disease, heart attacks, heart failure and bone defects.
Merck Chief Is Asked to Testify A top Republican lawmaker called Wednesday for Merck  amp; Company to answer questions about its withdrawn drug Vioxx on Nov. 18 at the first Congressional hearing to address the drug #39;s safety problems.
Pro-Chavez Lawmakers Push for Venezuela Media Curbs  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan pro-government  lawmakers began a final drive on Thursday to push through a  media content bill that international watchdogs and opposition  leaders warn could gag the press.
Blair-Chirac focus on Iraq war Tony Blair is holding talks with French president Jacques Chirac who is visiting London as part of centenary celebrations of the Entente Cordiale.
A sovereign Quebec would help trade between Quebec and northeast: Duceppe (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - Trade between Quebec and the northeastern United States is a natural and a sovereign Quebec would help make it easier, Bloc Quebecois Leader Gilles Duceppe said Friday.
Delta Auditor Concerned About Airline  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday its auditors had expressed concern about the  airline's financial viability.
Happy 100th Birthday to the Banana Split PITTSBURGH - University of Pittsburgh alumni have won the Nobel Prize, played in the National Football League and unlocked the secrets of DNA. On Wednesday, the university celebrated a less prestigious but equally sweet accomplishment - the banana split...
EU cuts 2005 eurozone growth forecast The European Commission on Tuesday revised upwards its growth forecast for this year, but cut its prediction for 2005 GDP growth to 2.0 percent, in its regular autumn economic outlook report.
Sharon renews threat to Arafat  quot;We acted against the heads of Hamas ... in a way we found right at the right time when it was convenient for us, quot;. Sharon said on Wednesday.
Ivory Coast loyalists fear leader #39;s overthrow ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast - A pro-government  quot;Jeune Patriote quot; militia supporter holds a sign in French which translates to  quot;We are ready to fight the rebellion quot; at a demonstration in Abidjan, Ivory Coast on Thursday, Nov.
Nike Profit Up 25 Pct. on Converse Boost  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  reported a 25 percent rise in quarterly profit, topping Wall  Street estimates, on strong sales of Converse sneakers and  high-priced athletic and basketball shoes such as the Air Zoom  and Street Miler.
Japan Open smiles on Hewitt and Sharapova Top seeds Lleyton Hewitt and Maria Sharapova did their best in the second round, but could only win in three sets at the \$860,000 Japan Open.
Scotland: Rangers down rival Celtic Nacho Novo and Dado Psro each scored as Rangers defeated rival Celtic 2-0 in the Scottish premier league Saturday. Novo scored on a 15th-minute penalty and Prso added the second in the 36th
Oracle makes  #39;final offer #39; for PeopleSoft ORACLE chief executive Larry Ellison has increased his companys offer for rival software company PeopleSoft, and set a deadline for the first time since the hostile takeover bid began in June 2003.
Florida IT Managers Balance Tech Needs, Workforce Issues in Storms SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Miami-Dade County #39;s IT operations center serves the largest metropolitan area in the state of Florida and is staffed around the clock.
In a day, Percival falls for Tigers, the town Percival became the Tigers #39; new closer Wednesday when he signed a two-year, \$12-million contract. He made one of the fastest free-agent decisions in recent memory, arriving in town Monday evening
Spain sees French capture of Basques as major victory MADRID : The Spanish and French governments hailed a  quot;historic quot; victory against armed Basque separatist group ETA following the weekend arrest in France of ETA #39;s political leader and 16 associates.
Cricket: Pakistan edge out India Pakistan will meet West Indies in the Champions Trophy semi-final after a last-over victory over India at Edgbaston.
28 Palestinians, 3 Israelis Die in Gaza Fighting  JABALYA, Gaza (Reuters) - Twenty-eight Palestinians and  three Israelis were killed on Thursday, Gaza's bloodiest day in  four years of conflict, as Israel's army struck back after a  rocket attack killed two Israeli children at a border town.
Home Users Most Vulnerable to SP2 Flaw (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - One of the first flaws found in Windows XP SP2 -- which leaves a PC vulnerable through a drag-and-drop hole in Internet Explorer -- could be used by hackers for even greater mischief.
UPDATE 1-Wiltord helps leaders Lyon beat Auxerre Sylvain Wiltord scored one goal and made another as he returned to lead Olympique Lyon to a 2-1 victory over AJ Auxerre in a Ligue 1 game on Saturday.
Saints' Hodge Is Suspended for Four Games (Reuters) Reuters - Linebacker Sedrick Hodge of\the New Orleans Saints was suspended for four games by the NFL\for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
Ooijer Ruled Out Until November PSV Eindhoven defender Andr Ooijer is expected to miss upwards of a month due to an injury suffered during their weekend romp over Heerenveen.
FCC frees up spectrum for 3G com September 9, 2004, 4:46 PM PT. Federal telephone regulators on Thursday set aside more spectrum for third-generation cell phone calls and other advanced wireless services, in a move
Justin Gatlin Wins 100 at Japan Meet (AP) AP - Justin Gatlin followed his Olympic victory by capturing the 100 meters Thursday at the Yokohama Super Track and Field meet while former world-record holder Maurice Greene finished fifth.
FA probes Stamford Bridge trouble The FA is to take action after trouble marred Wednesday #39;s Carling Cup tie between West Ham and Chelsea. Police in riot gear were confronted by a section of the West Ham support after the match which the Blues won 1-0.
Israelis want peace says visiting minister JOHANNESBURG - A small group of pro-Palestinian supporters were escorted out of the Sandton Convention Centre here during a protest against a visit by Israeli Vice Prime Minister Ehud Olmert yesterday.
Yahoo follows Google; launches web search service for mobiles NEW YORK, October 27 (newratings.com) - Global Internet media giant Yahoo! Inc (YHOO.NAS) has introduced specialized web search services targeted at the mobile phone users in the US, within weeks of the
Few Tough Questions at 'Town Hall' Events (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry talk often about the needs and ambitions of ordinary people, but neither encounters many along a campaign trail defined by the exquisitely stage-managed photo op and fortified by Secret Service agents.
Convoy for Homeland Security A federal grant pays for a program that recruits and trains truckers to be on the lookout for safety hazards and suspicious behavior. By Ryan Singel.
Google's share price set at 85 dollars (AFP) AFP - Google's share price has been set at 85 dollars in its initial public offering, a company spokeswoman said.
Mine blast: Death toll rises Beijing - The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine rose to 66 on Friday with 82 still missing, the government said, as another 41 miners were reported killed or missing in two other accidents.
Tiny cousins The discovery of the skeletal remains of hobbit-size humans on a remote island in Indonesia has set anthropologists atwitter. The bones appear to belong to a new and unexpected species of humans, little more
Computer Associates to Cut Jobs by 5 Pct.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Software maker Computer Associates  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of  its work force, to pare costs amid stiff competition in  software and services.
Kabila Visits Eastern Congo Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has arrived in the eastern city of Kisangani - his first visit to former rebel-held territories since the end of a devastating four-year war.
Astros beat Rockies, secure wild card tie  If the Astros finish in a two-way for the wild-card lead with the San Francisco Giants, they would play a one-game playoff at 3:05 pm Monday at San Francisco.
Web Site Shows Two Beheadings in Iraq (AP) AP - An Islamist Web site on Monday showed the beheading of two hostages  #151; one a Kurdish translator and the other a Turkish contractor wearing a badge of the Titan security company.
could worsen, study finds WASHINGTON - The US West, already suffering from a long drought, could be in for worse if past patterns hold up, experts said in the latest issue of the journal Science.
Buzzing the Web on a Meme Machine The World Wide Web is the perfect Petri dish for memes, infectious ideas or any other things that spread by imitation from person to person.
Lycos Pulls Anti-Spam Screensaver Lycos has officially pulled their controversial anti-spam screensaver from their website. Lycos Europes website was, until early this morning, distributing an anti-spam screensaver as part of its Make Love Not Spam campaign.
Unlikely Visionary Behind Private Race to Space SpaceShipOne visionary Peter Diamandis wasn't thinking about history as he stood in the Mojave desert and watched a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to Earth having nudged the edge of space. He just thought it looked beautiful.
Monday #39;s AL Capsules Daniel Cabrera pitched three-hit ball into the eighth inning, and Jose Leon and Melvin Mora had two RBIs apiece to lead the surging Baltimore Orioles past the Minnesota Twins 4-1 on Monday.
Netflix Girds for DVD Rental Price War The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc. - a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. invaded its turf.
Insurers #39; Losses Top \$21 Bln for Quarter US property and casualty insurers paid out \$21.3 billion for hurricane damage, mostly in Florida, during the third-quarter, according an industry group called ISO.
Intel Touts Linux over Windows in Asia (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel has launched an effort to make it easier for the company's Chinese and Indian customers to build and buy desktop computers that run Linux rather than Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows software.
Wal-Mart #39;s Vice Chairman retires LONDON, December 7 (newratings.com) - Wal-Mart Stores (WMT.NYS) announced yesterday that its Vice Chairman, Thomas Coughlin, would retire on January 24, 2005, after having served the company for 25 years.
US warns of possible bomb attacks in Laos during upcoming ASEAN summit (AFP) AFP - Opponents of the Lao government may be plotting bomb attacks in Vientiane and other areas of Laos timed to coincide with a summit of Southeast Asian leaders the country is hosting next month, the United States said.
SIA: Chip sales to hit record, flatten Semiconductor sales will reach \$214 billion this year, a new record high. But next year will be about the same.
Cycling: Cardenas Wins 17th Stage of Tour of Spain Colombian cyclist Felix Cardenas has won the 17th stage of the Tour of Spain, but Spain #39;s Roberto Heras remains the overall leader heading into the race #39;s final days.
HK conglomerate Hutchison #39;s first half net profit up 106 percent HONG KONG : Hutchison Whampoa, the ports-to-telecoms conglomerate owned by Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-shing, reported its first half net profit rose 106 percent to HK\$12.5b (US\$1.6b).
GE plans sale of outsource business General Electric Co. said Monday it will sell 60 percent of GE Capital International Services, its global outsourcing business, to General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Capital Partners, two US-based equity firms, for \$500 million.
Elpida Advances as Shares Start Trading in Tokyo (Update2) Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., Japan #39;s sole large-scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in Tokyo on investors #39; expectations a focus on consumer electronics
Ginseng Paradox Explained Study finds ginseng both promotes, limits blood vessel growth    HealthDayNews -- An international study is the first to explain how ginseng can both promote the growth of blood vessels and also limit blood vessel growth.    These dual effects can be important...
Pistons pound Cavaliers (12/17/04)-- The Detroit Pistons must have learned something after allowing LeBron James to score a career-high 43 points in their last game against Cleveland.
White House Takes Cool Stance Toward Annan (AP) AP - The Bush administration, cool to U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan as he copes with calls for his resignation, has a track record of trying to oust heads of U.N. agencies.
Old Divisions Resurface The Ukrainian presidential election and its aftermath have been marked by propaganda that is exposing old fractures in the former Soviet republic. Differences that are broadly defined by an east-west divide are bursting to the surface.
Iraqi Judge Drops Case Against Leading Exile Figure A senior Iraqi judge said today that he had closed a case brought against Ahmad Chalabi, the former exile once backed by the Pentagon.
Mining sector fuels market recovery The Australian share market has found its feet again after the largest retreat in some months yesterday. Mimicking the recovery on Wall Street overnight, the All Ordinaries climbed 32.1 points to 3,878.9.
Gatlin and Greene Head Field in Yokohama  TOKYO (Reuters) - Justin Gatlin will face Maurice Greene,  whose Olympic title he took in Athens last month, in a  high-quality 100 meters race in Yokohama on September 23,  organizers said Thursday.
Moratinos defends coup comments Spain's foreign minister defends his claim that the former government supported the 2002 Venezuela coup.
Bank of America Net Up on Consumer, Fleet Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Italian hostage released in Philippines AP - An Italian aid worker abducted in the southern Philippines was released unharmed after Muslim separatist rebels reportedly helped authorities corner his kidnappers.
China signs contract for Airbus jets China signed contracts Monday worth nearly \$2.1 billion to buy 23 Airbus jetliners and other German industrial goods. The \$1.3 billion Airbus deal calls for a state company that
U.S.-Led Forces Tighten Hold on Rebel Iraqi City  SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces tightened  their grip on Samarra Saturday, pushing ahead with one of the  largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein to try to  regain control of the rebel stronghold.
West Brom look to knight for Premiership rescue English Premiership strugglers West Bromwich Albion have refused to comment on reports they have approached former Newcastle manager Sir Bobby Robson as a replacement for Gary Megson.
Panel Urges Child Antidepressants Warning WASHINGTON - Antidepressants should come with the nation's strongest warning - in a black box on the label - that they can sometimes spur suicidal behavior in children and teenagers, the government's scientific advisers decided Tuesday.    It's a rare risk, and therefore families need detailed information on how to balance that concern with the need to treat depression, which itself can lead to suicide, cautioned advisers to the Food and Drug Administration...
Stocks Higher As Oil Retreats From Highs NEW YORK - Investors bid stocks higher Tuesday as oil stepped back from its highs and earnings results from companies including International Business Machines Corp. and Texas Instruments Inc...
Cuba Restores Contacts with European Embassies  HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba ended a diplomatic deadlock with  eight European Union nations on Monday in response to proposals  by EU officials to stop inviting dissidents to National Day  receptions in Havana.
Windows upgrade helps hold down the fort Are you nervous about viruses, worms, spyware and other threats to your computer? Wish you had the power to appoint an intelligence czar to safeguard your PC?
Soccer Star Beckham Latest Virus Subject The Internet is abuzz with malicious messages that claim David Beckham has been caught on film in a compromising position. Those who click on the Web links in such messages do not see pictures
U.S.-Russia Space Crew Departs for Earth (AP) AP - The Soyuz spacecraft carrying a U.S.-Russian crew pulled away from the international space station Saturday evening, ending a six-month mission in orbit and starting a fast journey back to Earth.
Colts 41, Lions 9 While Peyton Manning tried to downplay his individual accomplishments, receiver Brandon Stokley heaped on the praise.  quot;Hes the best thats ever played this game as far as quarterbacks are concerned, quot; Stokley said.
Cambodia #39;s new king sworn in Cambodia #39;s new king has been officially sworn in following the surprise abdication of his father. Norodom Sihamoni, 51, was crowned at a ceremony in the capital Phnom Penh after his father King Norodom Sihanouk #39;s decision to stand down earlier this month.
Mayfield clears mind after owner #39;s message Ray Evernham was fighting the thick air of tension with every step on pit road. Up ahead, Mark Martin sat in his car ready to vomit -- but more on that later.
FOOTBALL: PEA SOUPER ARSENAL boss Arsene Wenger last night insisted he didn #39;t have tunnel vision at Old Trafford but Ruud van Nistelrooy came clean over his part in Sunday #39;s Manchester meltdown.
LogicLibrary Announces Logidex 3.5 for J2EE and .NET LogicLibrary, a provider of software asset management tools, Tuesday announced Logidex 3.5 for J2EE and .NET platforms that features compliance with the Basic Profile of the Web Services
Former MVP Caminiti, 41, dies in Bronx hospital Ken Caminiti, the popular and powerful former National League MVP whose troubled life after baseball included bouts with cocaine and a jail stay, died yesterday at Lincoln Hospital in the Bronx.
Europe piles pressure on US as the greenback dips to new low The Dollar hit fresh lows against the euro and the pound yesterday after European finance ministers launched a direct challenge to the US to tackle its financial deficits.
Pacers #39; Foster Activated From Injured List Indianapolis, IN -- Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of the season after undergoing hip surgery in October.
Bettis Runs Over Bengals, Steelers Win 8th Straight Jerome Bettis ran for 129 yards and the Pittsburgh Steelers used a stifling defense to edge the Cincinnati Bengals 19-14 for their eighth straight win in National Football League play Sunday in Cincinnati.
Lehman agrees to pay \$222.5m to settle Enron suit SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Lehman Brothers agreed to pay \$222.5 million to settle an Enron securities class action suit, the University of California said Friday.
Ivan Remnants Wreak Havoc Across Southeast CASHIERS, N.C. - The remnants of Hurricane Ivan left behind a violent mark on the Southeast, killing several people, washing away scores of roads, leaving thousands without electricity and sending search teams to scour damaged areas for stranded residents...
Arsene Wenger  the Arsenal years 1998: Wins Premiership with club-record 10 consecutive League wins. Arsenal equal Manchester United #39;s record of two Doubles when they beat Newcastle in the FA Cup final.
Basketball: Season ban for brawl Indiana's Ron Artest is banned for the rest of the season after the brawl involving fans and players at Detroit.
Nigerian Debuts for Germany Nigerian Patrick Owomoyela, who plays for Arminia Bielefeld, will make his debut for Germany when they take on Asian champions Japan on Thursday.
China and Linux: Microsoft, Beware! While open-source software is new to the Middle Kingdom, Beijing is looking to change that. Red Hat CEO Matthew Szulik explains why.
EUROPEAN COURT OF JUSTICE RULING FAVORABLE TO The European Court of Justice (ECJ) today issued a decision that paves the way for the Finnish Supreme Court to block Budejovicky Budvar #39;s use of an alleged trade name in Finland.
IBM lays claim to extension of server reign Says new research shows that it remains the top server computer vendor. But HP trumpets leadership in ""high growth"" segments.
Troubled Mets Turn to Minaya According to an executive, the Mets have reached an agreement to hire the Montreal Expos' general manager, Omar Minaya, to head the baseball office.
Cards Shut Out D-Backs, Clinch NL Central (AP) AP - The St. Louis Cardinals became the first major league team to clinch a playoff spot this season, winning the NL Central for the third time in five seasons.
3 Giants Create New Online Music Service Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival services where trading of music and movies remains unfettered.
Hundreds flee Fallujah after night of US air strikes FALLUJAH, Iraq : Hundreds of people fled the Iraqi rebel-held Fallujah after a heavy night of US air strikes, while an Iraqi cameraman working for Reuters was killed during clashes in the nearby hotspot of Ramadi.
Life on Mars: A Definite Possibility This much is known: At some point in Mars's past, at least one region of the planet was drenched in water. Ancient Mars provided a habitat suitable for life as we know it. What kind of organism might have lived there? And is life lying dormant there still, just waiting for things to warm up a bit?
Strongest quake in five years hits Taiwan Seismologists warned the public to be on guard against aftershocks yesterday after the strongest quake to hit Taiwan in five years shook the island, causing tall buildings to sway and shutting down the capital #39;s Mass Rapid Transit system for 1 hour during
Home sweet home -- impossible? More than 50 percent of California residents said in a survey being released today that they are very concerned that fast-rising home prices will lock out younger generations from the housing market.
Oil Tumbles 3 Pct as U.S. Stocks Build  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell heavily from near record  peaks on Wednesday after a sharp build in U.S. crude stocks  spurred traders to take profits from a fierce rally.
Seattle men arrested; no motive available MOSCOW, Idaho -- A University of Idaho football player was shot to death and police arrested two brothers from Seattle following a chase that extended halfway across Washington state.
Piggyback developers in a bind over IE com October 7, 2004, 9:50 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
South Africans Seized at Talks With Unionists in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe immigration officers seized 13 members of a South African trade union delegation on Tuesday as they met with their Zimbabwean counterparts in Harare, then
UN Council Wants Sudan Peace Deal by End of Year (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. Security Council, on a\high-profile visit to the Kenyan capital, expects Sudan and its\southern opposition on Thursday to promise to complete by Dec.\31 a comprehensive peace agreement ending a 21-year civil war.
Looking for a sign With Bank of America Corp. giving up on putting its name on the home of the Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins, how would Liberty Center or CVS Forum sound?
Russian Air Crash Flight Recorders May Not Help  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Investigators examined flight recorders  Thursday from Russia's mystery double air crash in which 89  people died, but one official doubted they would be of any use.
Lucent Cutting Retiree Benefits Again For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to thousands of its retirees.
Kidlow captures first victory LAKE LOUISE -- Both Bode and Picabo did it here first. Now Lindsey Kidlow can add her name to the list of American skiers who claimed their first World Cup downhill victories on the slopes of the Canadian Rockies.
Israeli Troops Kill Girl, Five Militants in West Bank  NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed an  11-year-old girl and five militants in a West Bank raid on  Wednesday, keeping up pressure in Palestinian areas as Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's plan for a Gaza pullout moved forward.
Stanford coach #39;s last loss is job Three years ago, Ted Leland thought he had found the right offensive mind for Stanford in coach Buddy Teevens. The results eventually told the athletic director otherwise, and Teevens was
Tyson Went on the Atkins Diet, but Its Profit Slimmed Down Tyson Foods, the worlds largest meat processor, said that its earnings would probably be less than expected.
Garciaparra stays with Cubs on big deadline night Nomar Garciaparra stayed with the Chicago Cubs, and the Boston Red Sox made arbitration offers to Pedro Martinez and several other World Series stars Tuesday, the first big deadline of the offseason for teams and free agents.
Some bank credits included on Parmalat list An Italian judge has included some of Parmalat #39;s debts owed to banks on an official list of creditors but excluded some others, court documents showed on Friday.
PacifiCare to Buy American Medical (Reuters) Reuters - PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , one\of the biggest Medicare plan providers, said on Wednesday it\has agreed to buy health-care benefits provider American\Medical Security Group Inc. for  #36;502 million to expand its\product offerings to individuals and small businesses.
Indian TV Rights Up for Grabs Again A controversial \$308 million deal to broadcast India #39;s home cricket matches fell through on Tuesday after the country #39;s cricket board said there was no binding contract and it may re-tender the rights.
PeopleSoft Says 3rd-Qtr License Revenue Tops Oracle #39;s (Update2) PeopleSoft Inc., which is fighting a takeover bid from Oracle Corp., said revenue from new software licenses this quarter has exceeded Oracle #39;s sales of the same kind of products in its most-recent period.
SA drops WMD violations charges Nuclear trafficking charges against the owner of a South African engineering plant are dropped.
Schwarzenegger wins car ad case Arnold Schwarzenegger has settled a dispute with an Ohio car company which used photos of him in an advertising campaign without his permission.
Computer Sciences lands \$52 million biometrics deal Contract with Department of Defense is part of homeland security boom.
Microsoft Readies Media Center Updates Updated OS, new consumer products expected to be introduced next month.
TV Reporter May Be Jailed for Refusing to Disclose Source The reporter was convicted of criminal contempt for refusing to disclose who leaked him an F.B.I. videotape on an investigation of government corruption in Providence.
Haiti Flood Death Toll Rising, Hundreds Missing  GONAIVES, Haiti (Reuters) - Survivors of devastating  flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of  food on Tuesday as officials said 662 people had been killed  and more than 1,000 were missing.
Southwest wins battle for ATA assets Southwest Airlines emerged on Wednesday as the victor in the battle for the assets of ATA, the bankrupt low-cost carrier, beating a rival offer from AirTran and underscoring its
Sliding dollar stokes a fire under the rand BERLIN - As the dollar plunges to record lows, Europe and the US kept up a war of words at the weekend, blaming each other for the currency #39;s fall and avoiding new steps to halt it.
Pittman Pops Chiefs Michael Pittman scores three touchdowns as Tampa Bay holds off the Chiefs, 34-31, on Sunday, putting both squads at 3-5.
New Yukos warning after \$2.6 bn ruling Yukos issued a fresh warning yesterday that it could be forced to cut output, after a court ruling allowing authorities to seize up to \$2.
Ljubisa Beara Surrendered to the Serbian Authorities Ljubisa Beara, former Chief of Intelligence of the Chiefs of Staff of the RS Army and accused by the Hague Tribunal (ICTY) for crimes against humanity, surrendered yesterday to the Serbian authorities and was transported to The Hague, reports official
Charming Shoppes Looking Better If Lane Bryant continues to perform, the retailer's shares should continue their rise.
Still No Movement in N.H.L. Labor Talks The N.H.L. and the players association moved no closer to a collective bargaining agreement during a five-hour meeting.
Rite Aid lowers financial projections for fiscal 2005 CAMP HILL, Pa. Rite Aid says it #39;s lowering its financial projections for the current fiscal year, citing slowing pharmacy sales and lower-than-expected reimbursement rates paid by insurance companies and other health plans.
Bengals hit rock bottom There are no easy wins in the NFL, as every week is a new challenge. However, there are some games that are more winnable than others.
Motorola using Microsoft ActiveSync protocol for Linux smartphone Motorola, Inc. has announced interoperability between its MotoSync technology-enabled mobile phones and Microsoft Exchange Server 2003.
iMac G5: Most Elegant Desktop Ever  #147;I am writing these words on the most elegant desktop computer I #146;ve ever used, #148; writes Walt Mossberg about the iMac G5 in the Wall Street Journal,  #147;a computer that is not only uncommonly beautiful but fast and powerful, virus-free and surprisingly affordable. This machine takes up no more space on a desk than a flat-panel monitor. In fact, the entire computer is contained behind a flat-panel screen in a space just 2 inches thick  #151; thinner than most flat-panel monitors alone. #148; Sep 23
Two for the Road Sam Maldonado and Josh Allen successfully share the rushing load for the Maryland Terrapins, mirroring the national trend in collegiate football.
Intel boards a faster bus, picks up Dell Intel Corp. is expected to release a faster version of its powerful but expensive Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor on Monday alongside the introduction of a chipset that uses a faster front-side bus to connect the processor and the memory.
Congress Reinstates Internet Tax Ban  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress on Friday  reinstated a ban on Internet access taxes after the House of  Representatives agreed to extend it for another three years  rather than make it permanent.
Congress Nears Approval of Multiple Bills WASHINGTON - Ending weeks of stalemate, Congress is preparing to ship nearly \$15 billion to states battered by hurricane and drought as lawmakers plow through a final pile of pre-election bills that would cut taxes and revamp the intelligence community.    The House was expected to approve the hurricane and drought aid Saturday...
Northern parties continue talks in UK Talks involving the British and Irish governments and the northern parties continue at Leeds Castle in Kent today. The first day of discussions aimed at restoring power sharing in the North adjourned late last night.
Dollar Steers Clear of Record Low Vs Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar on Tuesday held almost a cent  above its record low against the euro, winning respite from  recent heavy selling ahead of U.S. trade data and an expected  rise in U.S. interest rates on Wednesday.
Shipman report demands GMC reform The General Medical Council is doing too little to protect patients, the latest report from the Shipman Inquiry has said.
EU will probe Microsoft, Time Warner buy The decision is a setback for the two companies and their plan to acquire ContentGuard, a digital rights management firm.
Three question to Jacques Villeneuve at Shanghai The Renault F1 Teams latest signing was invited to the official FIA Press Conference this afternoon.
CNN #39;S MAN KIDNAPPED An Arab-Israeli television producer for CNN was abducted at gunpoint by a group of Palestinians yesterday after being pulled from a network van in Gaza City.
Military talks on Kashmir glacier The Indian and Pakistani military are to discuss troop withdrawals from the Siachen glacier, the world's highest battleground, India says.
F5 jams new tools into traffic manager SAN FRANCISCO - The many new mechanisms to secure and speed up applications running on networks are heading for consolidation that should make it easier and less expensive to deliver the kind of performance end users want.
Speed and Elegance in a Desktop Package With the iMac G5, Apple has pared the desktop computer down to little more than the parts that people look at and touch -- keyboard, screen and mouse.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Backed Into a Currency Corner? Don #39;t Overreact down - against other major currencies. The tumble has helped the portfolios of some fortunate Americans by bolstering the returns of their foreign stocks and bonds.
Poverty grips more in nation WASHINGTON -- The number of poor Americans grew by 1.3 million last year, according to a sobering and politically sensitive Census Bureau report issued Thursday.
Dutch arrest alleged Saddam aide DUTCH police have arrested a 62-year-old chemicals dealer suspected of involvement in war crimes and genocide committed by the regime of ousted Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, the Dutch national prosecutor #39;s office said today.
IBM Launches New RFID And Sensor Software The software, developed by IBM #39;s new Sensors and Actuators business unit, is designed to help businesses collect and act on data from RFID and other sensor-based technology.
S.E.C. Is Investigating Morningstar Over Data Morningstar is under investigation from the Securities and Exchange Commission for taking too long to correct inaccurate data it published regarding a single mutual fund.
Militiamen begin to leave Shi #146;te shrine NAJAF, Iraq -- Militia fighters began to leave the Shrine of Imam Ali yesterday, taking up positions outside the sacred site or fleeing the city, after rebellious Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr offered to return custody of the complex to moderate clerics.
Timely Iraq Vote a Point of Pride (AP) AP - For an administration that likes to make the trains run on time, the Jan. 30 elections scheduled in Iraq are light at the end of a dark and violent tunnel.
ITAA sees limited IT job growth in '04 The number of U.S. IT jobs increased by just 2 percent between the first quarter of 2003 and the first quarter of 2004, and demand for IT workers is expected to slow during the rest of the year, according to a survey released Wednesday by the Information Technology Association of America (ITAA).
Putin ratifies accord with EU Russian President Vladimir Putin has ratified a pact with the EU, extending a standing trade agreement with the bloc to its 10 new members, a presidency statement said on Saturday.
Dialysis clinic chain agrees to pay \$350M ST. LOUIS -- The nation #39;s third-largest operator of kidney-dialysis clinics has agreed to pay the government \$350 million to settle allegations it defrauded Medicare.
'Global titans': Expansion in China comes first Dow Jones Indexes finds large firms see Internet technology second only to growth in China when it comes to helping their business.\
Weightlifter and runner fail tests The Hungarian weightlifter Ferenc Gyurkovics has failed a drugs test and risks losing his Olympic silver medal, a national Olympic committee spokesman said yesterday, while the Russian 400m
No. 11 N.C. Trounces Southern Cal, 97-65 (AP) AP - Playing their fifth game in eight days, 11th-ranked North Carolina got 23 points from Jawad Williams and another 17 from Sean May to beat Southern California 97-65 Sunday night.
Margaret Hassan Again Pleads for her Life Kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan has made another videotape plea for Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq. The tape, broadcast on Arab TV network Al-Jazeera, also showed Mrs Hassan
For Colvin, it's hip hip hooray For so long, linebacker Rosevelt Colvin couldn't do what he wanted, couldn't play football. Now, he feels he can do whatever his coach wants him to.
CHUCK IN ORBIT Despite a chorus of Wall Street naysayers, Chuck Dolan continues to gamble big on his startup satellite-television venture. Voom - the offshoot of Dolan #39;s Cablevision
Immersion wins patent case against Sony Immersion, a small firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded \$82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against PlayStation maker Sony.
US upholds tariffs on shrimp imports The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Bush Sees Great Chance For Creating Palestinian State Mr. Bush told reporters Friday after meeting with British Prime Minister Tony Blair that he sees a great chance for creating a Palestinian state in the aftermath of the death of longtime Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Warning over US volcano eruption US scientists warn that Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state is likely to erupt again at any time.
FedEx Is Flying High The company reported strong fiscal second-quarter results and positive trends seem likely to continue to drive healthy growth.
Indian bandit goes out in blaze of gunfire INDIA #39;S most wanted bandit has been killed in a jungle shoot-out with police after more than 30 years on the run. Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, 60, had been accused of murdering police officers, slaughtering elephants and kidnapping a movie star.
Online Dangers Likely to Continue Growing Internet users witnessed yet another wave of spam, worms, viruses and other online attacks in 2004, and experts predict the online world will grow even more dangerous in 2005. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Mosul Car Bomb Wounds Six U.S. Soldiers BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bombing in the northern city of Mosul wounded six American soldiers, the military said Wednesday, while one of two Italian women released from captivity the day before said their captors had promised they would not be killed.    Simona Torretta and Simona Pari were released with five other hostages Tuesday, encouraging relatives of foreigners still being held...
7 Marines Killed in Iraq's Anbar Province (AP) AP - Seven U.S. Marines were killed in two separate incidents in Iraq's restive Anbar province, the military said Monday, a day after American warplanes pounded Fallujah with missiles as insurgents battled coalition forces in the city.
Latest Mandrake Linux distro screams into action Mandrakesoft has introduced Mandrakelinux 10.1 Official with the promise that its latest distribution provides extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility, and major application upgrades.
Some People Manage to Stay Thin in a Fat World In most of western Europe, easily more than half the adults are overweight, and in the United States two-thirds are fat. Why, then, are some able to stay thin in such an environment? The answer is complex and not the same for everyone.
Winnipeg police in standoff with armed man after cabbie shot (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - An armed man suspected in the shooting of a Winnipeg cab driver was holding police and RCMP at bay Tuesday night in the area of a Sikh temple on the city's outskirts.
Dollar Stalls as Focus Shifts to Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stalled on Wednesday after  weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data failed to provide new  direction for the market and focus shifted to what the Federal  Reserve would say after an expected rate rise next week.
Taiwan Chen Plans National Day Speech on China  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian said he  will make an important policy statement on relations with  arch-foe China in his National Day address on Oct. 10.
Cycling: Menchov wins fifth stage in Spain MORELLA, Spain : Russia #39;s Denis Menchov won the fifth stage of the Tour of Spain, a 186.5km run between Zaragoza and here. The overall race lead was claimed by Spaniard Manuel Beltran from his US Postal teammate Benoit Joachim.
China, ASEAN to sign deals moving towards world #39;s biggest free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENTIANE: China and Southeast Asian countries were Monday to sign historic trade pacts paving the way for the world #39;s biggest free-trade zone, which could eventually include the rest of Northeast Asia and India.
Oil Extends Its Retreat from Record Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil extended its retreat from record  highs on Thursday, taking two-day losses to 6 percent after an  unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude inventories spurred  speculative funds to take profits.
Belichick feels Daviss pain FOXBORO - Sundays upcoming matchup between the Browns and Patriots features a rare twist - two head coaches who know what its like being on the hot seat in Cleveland while presiding over a floundering team.
Israel ends Gaza Strip offensive It followed the killing of two toddlers in an Israeli town on September 29 by a rocket fired from Gaza. Witnesses said all 200 tanks and armoured vehicles in northern Gaza had withdrawn.
Alamosa to Buy AirGate for \$392 Million Alamosa Holdings Inc. (APCS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) will acquire AirGate PCS Inc. (PCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) for \$392 million in stock creating the largest Sprint Corp.
Is This What the Big Bang Sounded Like? Using data from a NASA satellite, an astronomer has simulated the sound that he says followed the birth of the universe. &lt;i&gt;Includes audio.&lt;/i&gt;
Copycat killer of JFK to net \$100,000 A new downloadable computer game is offering online gamers a jackpot of \$100,000 for the most accurate interactive copycat killing of President John F. Kennedy.
Dell updates low-end server line The company plans to announce two servers, the PowerEdge SC420 and the SC1420, for small customers Monday.
Purdue's Defense Is Pretty Good, Too (AP) AP - There was a reason all the preseason hubbub about Purdue was on its offense, and it wasn't just because of Kyle Orton's spectacular arm.
UPDATE 1-PacifiCare to buy American Medical for \$502 mln PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest Medicare plan providers, said on Wednesday it has agreed to buy health-care benefits provider American Medical Security Group Inc.
\$149 million lottery winner:  #39;No idea #39; what #39;s next NEW YORK New mega-millionaire Juan Rodriguez hasn #39;t quit his job at a Manhattan parking garage -- at least, not yet. Rodriguez won the 149 (M) million dollar Mega Millions lottery jackpot.
AUSTRALIA: Woolworths posts higher H2 profit Australian supermarket group Woolworths has reported a 12 increase in second-half profit despite tough competition from rival Coles Myer.
Bryant, Jackson at 'psychological war' Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade his star guard in January, according to a diary by the former Lakers coach.
Good Technology, Nokia in cahoots Nokia today announced it is joining forces with Good Technology to extend its GoodLink software to Nokia business-optimized mobile devices such as the Series 90
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Javier Vazquez hopes to put the brakes on a personal three- game losing streak this afternoon when the New York Yankees close out their three-game set with the Kansas City Royals at Kauffman Stadium.
Abu Ghraib Soldier Admits to Some Charges HAGERSTOWN, Md. - The highest-ranking Army reservist charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison said Monday he will plead guilty to some offenses because ""what I did was a violation of law.""   Staff Sgt...
Microsoft Plans Last Windows 2000 Update With Microsoft spending most of its upgrade development time on Windows XP, it was only time before they announced plans to stop updating Windows 2000.
Survey Notes Rise in US Broadband Users The number of Americans who get on the Internet via high-speed lines has now equaled the number using dial-up connections. July measurements from Nielsen/NetRatings placed the broadband audience at 51 percent of the US online population at home.
Can #39;t pull off double DALLAS -- Jamal Crawford went for the instant replay, but he wasn #39;t able to pull it off. It came down to another shot at the buzzer last night, but he wasn #39;t able to deliver and the Knicks closed out a difficult
Sony #39;s Profit Surges on Strength of  #39;Spider-Man 2 #39; The Sony Corporation reported a 61 percent increase in net profit for the most recent quarter, as  quot;Spider-Man 2 quot; pulled in big profits for the company #39;s movie division and helped
Oracle #39;s 4bn PeopleSoft bid gets OK SOFTWARE giant Oracle #39;s stalled \$7.7bn (4.2bn) bid to take over competitor PeopleSoft has received a huge boost after a US judge threw out an anti-trust lawsuit filed by the Department of Justice to block the acquisition.
PeopleSoft ties knot with IBM The business applications maker will integrate its technology more closely with infrastructure software from Big Blue.
India, Pakistan End Talks, Disagree on Kashmir  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The foreign ministers of India and  Pakistan said on Monday they had made modest progress in talks  to revive a flagging peace process, but the two nations showed  no sign of resolving any differences over Kashmir.
Giants Know It's Not All Up to Eli (AP) AP - Two days into the Eli Manning era, the New York Giants really aren't expecting the No. 1 pick in the NFL draft to turn their season around, at least by himself.
Phelps in hot water now Swimmer Michael Phelps , who won eight medals -- six of them gold -- at last summer's Olympics in Athens, was arrested last Thursday in Salisbury, Md., and charged with drunken driving. A trooper saw the 19-year-old go through a stop sign, state police said yesterday. The trooper saw signs of intoxication and arrested Phelps for driving under the influence. ...
Eagles, Owens embarrass Cowboys So much for making a fresh start in the second half of the season. Instead of new beginnings, the Cowboys battled the same old problems, this time getting slapped around by the Philadelphia
Bomb attack on Hasina Over a dozen people were killed and nearly 300 injured in a bomb and grenade attack on a public rally in the heart of the city that was being addressed by Awami League leader and former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina.
Syracuse upsets No. 17 Boston College Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Gateway Shifts Back to Personal Computers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gateway Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GTW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GTW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it  would return to its roots as a personal computer company,  backing off on an aggressive strategy of expanding into TVs,  digital cameras and other gadgets in a move to return to  profitability.
Empty stadium won #39;t affect Real, says Samuel Walter Samuel says Real Madrid will not be affected by playing their decisive Champions League match against AS Roma behind closed doors at Rome #39;s Olympic Stadium on Wednesday.
Salvation Army Loses \$17,000 in Donations Since Target Refuses To &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Friday, we #39;ll begin to hear a familiar sound of the holiday season, the sound of bells ringing in the name of the Salvation Army.
World Series has been far from a true classic Before Game 1 of the World Series, Johnny Pesky walked up to the batting cage at Fenway Park and gave a big ol #39; hug to a fellow octogenarian, Red Schoendienst.
Samsung Electronics Develops 8Gb NAND Flash Memory With 60nm &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samsung Electronics has developed a 8Gb NAND flash memory adopting technologies of processing chips with circuit width of 60nm, the first of its kind in the industry.
Soccer: Rooney is dazzling in his United debut For about \$20, you can tour the Theater of Dreams and inhale the history of Manchester United in its Old Trafford Stadium. For \$10 more, you could join the waiting list for a seat on match days - and witness the new arrival Wayne Rooney.
United Tech Unit Gets NASA Pact Building systems and aerospace products maker United Technologies Corp. said Thursday that NASA selected its flight systems manufacturing unit as the prime contractor for extravehicular systems work that could
Four tied for 1st after opening round of LPGA Tournament of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Park, Inkster, Diaz, Kim tied: Grace Park birdied the last three holes in a 6-under 66 yesterday that left her in a four-way tie after the first round of the LPGA Tournament of Champions in Mobile, Ala.
Top McAfee exec to step down Stephen Richards will retire from his positions as chief operating officer and chief financial officer.
NASA Reviews Mix-Up That Doomed Capsule The agency is trying to figure out how an embarrassing error eluded the review process, apparently resulting in the crash of the Genesis space capsule in Utah last month.
Pakistan's Abbas 'honoured' to enter hockey Hall of Fame (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's penalty-corner expert Sohail Abbas said he was honoured to enter field hockey's Hall of Fame after he set a new world record for most goals.
Marlins Homer Way Past Expos The Marlins homered three times in a six-run third inning to lift Florida to a victory over the Montreal Expos at U.S. Cellular Field.
A #39;S NOTEBOOK Security makes its presence known Arlington, Texas -- The A #39;s didn #39;t request any additional security at Ameriquest Field on Tuesday, but there appeared to be extra security in place, anyway, a precaution after last week #39;s incident at the Coliseum in which Rangers reliever Frank Francisco
European supermarket chain extends RFID push Tesco will use the technology in more stores, focusing this time on tracking cases and pallets, rather than individual items.
Hearing Will Be Long Supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the District are lining up to make their case before the D.C. Council.
AIG Earnings Up, Shrugs Off Probe Impact (Reuters) Reuters - American International Group ,\the world's largest insurer by market value, said on Thursday\its third-quarter earnings rose despite losses related to four\U.S. hurricanes but fell short of market estimates.
Toney wants fighting chance James Toney has learned at least one thing from reading the Bible. He doesn't hide his light under a basket.
Wal-Mart sterling bond with 30-year maturity -source US retailer Wal-Mart #39;s (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) sterling-denominated benchmark bond will carry a 30-year maturity, a syndicate source said on Friday.
Bloggers become weapon in US presidential election (AFP) AFP - The 2004 presidential campaign has marked the coming of age for Internet 'blog' journals as a cutting edge political tool for raising cash and revving up political support.
Russia offers strategic partnership to India NEW DELHI: Russia on Wednesday offered a strategic defence partnership to India and said it was willing to jointly develop hi-tech military hardware with its former Cold War ally on the eve of a visit by the Russian president.
Congress Reapproves Internet Access Tax Ban The US Congress on Friday reinstated a ban on Internet access taxes after the House of Representatives agreed to extend it for another three years rather than make it permanent.
F5 Networks to introduce next-gen traffic manager F5 Networks will announce its new switch next week, part of efforts to broaden its reach in the market.
Israeli Army Confronts Homemade Weapons (AP) AP - It's a hugely lopsided fight, pitting Israeli troops with high-tech arms and precise intelligence against untrained Palestinian gunmen relying on homemade weapons.
China launches science satellite China on Sunday launched a recoverable science experimental satellite into a preset orbit, atop a Long March 2C carrier rocket from a launch center in northwest China.
Stocks Set to Open Up After Reports  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open higher on  Tuesday after an economic report showed U.S. consumer prices  dropped in July for the first time in eight months and another  report said U.S. housing starts rebounded sharply in July.
Threats could force England to cancel trip As England departed on a three-month tour of southern Africa yesterday, their captain, Michael Vaughan, suggested that his team could yet refuse to fulfil their commitment to the Zimbabwe section of the trip.
Abbey  #39;distracted #39; by Santander tie-up Abbey National admitted today that progress in recent months had been disrupted as a result of its planned takeover by Spain #39;s largest bank.
Mozilla Fixes Browser Bugs (PC World) PC World - Ten security flaws found in Firefox browser, Thunderbird e-mail client.
Anti-Spam Effort Killed Amid Patent Row NEW YORK - A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
Moon gas could meet earth #39;s energy demands A potential gas source found on the moon #39;s surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earth #39;s fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said.
Longwell barely makes game-winning field goal HOUSTON - Green Bay quarterback Brett Favre got a chance to work his fourth-quarter magic at Reliant Stadium for the first time in his career Sunday night -nd work it he did.
N.H. firm sues provider of Net hot spots In a case that could shake up the growing market in wireless Internet  quot;hot spots, quot; a New Hampshire company is suing a leading hot spot provider, alleging patent infringement. If PowerOasis Inc. of Nashua wins its case against Wayport Inc. of Austin, Texas, thousands of travelers could lose access to the Internet in hotels and airports.
Sony Embraces MP3 Format The MP3 design modification is a major move for Sony, which has been criticized for a product that only allows its own format to be played.
Hamas vows Gaza revenge Palestinian militant group Hamas swears vengeance for 14 of its members killed in an Israeli air strike on Gaza.
Phishing Scams Continue to Grow After a drop off earlier this fall, more fraudulent Web sites are popping up.
#39;Critical #39; XP SP2 Update Fixes Windows Firewall Bug Microsoft Corp. has quietly released a  quot;critical quot; Windows XP Service Pack 2 update to fix a serious flaw in the Windows Firewall utility.
Outrage over JFK slay video game A British firm seeking to capitalize on the anniversary of President John F. Kennedy #39;s murder today is issuing JFK Reloaded, #39; #39; a purportedly educational docu-game #39; #39; that lets players
Key Indian state to go to polls Voters are due to cast their ballots on Wednesday in key elections in the western Indian state of Maharashtra.
Prayers tempered by troubled times Each year during the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims abstain from food, drink, and sensual pleasures from dawn to dusk as they focus on prayer for Gods blessings and mercy.
Button confident of Williams move Motorsport.com. The Jenson Button/BAR/Williams saga is still rolling on and Williams has now lodged its contract with Button with the Contract Recognition Board (CRB) in regard to the 2005 season and beyond.
Delta to Cut 6,000-6,900 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines  on Wednesday\said it plans to eliminate between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during\the next 18 months, implement a 10 percent across-the-board pay\reduction and reduce employee benefits.
World champion Rossi set to dent Honda morale in Brno BRNO (Czech Republic): World champion Valentino Rossi is 22 points clear in the title race but the Yamaha rider will not be taking it easy at this weekends Czech Grand Prix.
Man Pleads Guilty in Tsunami Death E-Mail Case (Reuters) Reuters - A British man admitted Monday to sending\hoax emails to friends and relatives of people missing since\the Asian tsunami.
AC Milan edge Barcelona Andriy Shevchenko #39;s first half header gave AC Milan a 1-0 win over Barcelona in front of a 68,000 crowd here on Wednesday and moved them a big step closer to the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Christmas assistance Families who are approved will receive a Christmas food box and gifts for their children through the Angel Tree program. Those applying need to appear in person at The Salvation Army, 200 E. Ninth in Shawnee.
Notes: Oswalt to make next start The sore rib cage muscle that caused Roy Oswalt to leave Friday #39;s game in the eighth inning won #39;t keep him from making his next start Wednesday night at San Francisco.
Diplomats: U.N. Lacks Right to Inspect Sites in Iran (Reuters) Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear\watchdog would like to visit a military complex in Iran that an\exile group said housed a nuclear weapons site, but they lack\the legal authority to go there, U.N. diplomats said.
Tape of Bigley Beheading Posted on Web BAGHDAD, Iraq - A videotape of the beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared Sunday on an Islamist Web site, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted ""to live a simple life"" moments before he was decapitated.    The nearly five-minute tape appeared two days after Bigley's family said it had proof that the 62-year-old civil engineer from Liverpool was dead...
U.S. Journalist Held in Iraq Is Released (AP) AP - U.S. journalist Micah Garen, who was kidnapped in Iraq more than a week ago, was released Sunday in the southern city of Nasiriyah. Garen spoke to Al-Jazeera television, confirming his release.
US jets hit Fallujah ahead of expected offensive; residents report &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US jets pounded parts of Fallujah on Thursday, targeting insurgents in a city where American forces were said to be gearing up for a major offensive.
Intel demonstrates next generation process technology SANTA CLARA, Calif., - Intel Corporation has built fully functional SRAM (Static Random Access Memory) chips using 65 nanometer (nm) technology, its next generation high-volume semiconductor manufacturing process.
Pit Stop on the Cocaine Highway Traffickers prefer Guatemala, where the radar is spotty and the government is largely unable to stop the flights carrying U.S. bound drugs.
Apple introduces colour screen iPod Apple Computer Inc. has introduced a new larger-capacity iPod with a colour display as well as a first-of-its-kind digital compendium of the rock band U2 #39;s songs.
11th Circuit orders resentencing for HealthSouth exec BIRMINGHAM, Ala. Former HealthSouth executive Emery Harris must be resentenced. That #39;s the ruling from the Atlanta-based 11th US- Circuit Court of Appeals.
Sony In Talks To Sell Products At Wal-Mart Sony Corp. is talking with Wal-Mart and Costco in an effort to boost sales by shipping to US discount chains with which it previously did little business.
Three Polish Soldiers Die in Iraq Helicopter Crash  WARSAW (Reuters) - Three Polish soldiers were killed in a  helicopter crash in Iraq, where the country runs a  multi-national division, the army said Wednesday.
Holdout QB Rivers gets \$40.5M deal Rookie quarterback Philip Rivers ended his lengthy holdout, agreeing to terms Monday on a six-year, \$40.5 million contract with the San Diego Chargers that includes a \$14.
Japan poised to take US beef TOKYO - US beef exports to Japan, valued at more than US\$1.7 billion last year, will resume in a matter of weeks after Tokyo agreed to ease a 10-month ban on the meat brought by a lone case of mad cow disease in Washington state.
Safin Suffers While Henin-Hardenne Survives A 15-year-old newcomer had defending champion Justine Henin-Hardenne on the run at the US Open Tuesday and an experienced campaigner put paid to former winner Marat Safin.
Sunday, 1 pm EDT You have to go back to Weeks 8-9 of 2002 to find the last time Tony Dungy #39;s Colts dropped consecutive regular-season games, but Indianapolis will snap that streak if it doesn #39;t rebound from a loss in New England and get in the win column at Tennessee.
LeBron scores 33 as Cavaliers rip Golden State Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. CLEVELAND, United States of America -- LeBron James scored 33 points and Zydrunas Ilgauskas added 16 to spark
Clarett, Owens best seen but not heard CONSIDER THE SOURCE. That #39;s always good advice when evaluating a dispute, and never more true than in recent football developments.
Dascenzo: Willingham a victim of high demand for Meyer Urban Meyer is standing in what looks like an indoor football practice facility, I am assuming, somewhere on the campus of The University of Utah.
Minnesota explorers sound alarm bells over Arctic warming ENVIRONMENT: A four-year study documents Arctic warming, and adventurers say the world needs to take action. BY JOHN MYERS. When Arctic explorer Lonnie Dupre saw two giant glaciers on his map of Greenland, he worried how his group would get around them.
Chavez Wins Venezuela Referendum-Official Results (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuelan President Hugo\Chavez has survived a referendum to recall him, according to\results released by electoral authorities on Monday with 94\percent of the vote counted.
Nextel Communications Purchases 5.6 Million Nextel Partners Shares KIRKLAND, Wash. --(Business Wire)-- Sept. 27, 2004 -- Nextel Communications, Inc. today announced that it has entered into an agreement with Motorola, Inc.
Iran to Comply with OPEC Output Quotas  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Iran, OPEC's second-biggest producer,  will comply with the cartel's decision to curb excess output  and pump crude oil at its official quota, an official said on  Wednesday.
Hit bears  #39;hallmark #39; of Israelis The killing of a Palestinian resistance activist in Syria on Sunday bears all the hallmarks of an Israeli hit. Tel Aviv has yet to claim responsibility for the assassination of Izz
Nintendo launches DS Gaming giant Nintendo launched its latest handheld gaming device, the much-anticipated Nintendo DS on Sunday. Scheduled for release in time for the holiday season, the system is aimed at older, more sophisticated
1 killed in car bombs in northern Iraq Two car bombs detonated in Iraqi northern city of Mosul on Monday, killing one Iraqi person and wounding two others, security officials said.
News.com Extra: Mozilla claims no Google browser in the works Plus: Microsoft ready to launch search engine
Cardinals Clip Brewers 3-2 (AP) AP - Larry Walker hit a two-run homer in the fifth inning, lifting the St. Louis Cardinals to a 3-2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Wednesday.
Georgian troops pull out from conflict zone after intense fighting MOSCOW, Aug. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- All Georgian troops have withdrawn from the Georgian-South Ossetian conflict zone following a week-long battle between the two sides, Georgian Defense Minister Giorgi Baramidze said on Friday.
Cassini-Huygens Set for Closest-Ever Flight Past Titan It #39;s an encounter that everyone has been waiting for: on Tuesday, October 26, Cassini-Huygens will streak past Titan in the mission #39;s first close encounter with Saturn #39;s largest moon.
Hampton Routs Howard Jerome Mathis returned a kickoff for a touchdown and Marqua McDaniel had a punt return for a score to lead Hampton to a 47-14 victory over Howard Saturday night.
Google Reports First Profit as Public Company Google's third-quarter profit more than doubled, reflecting a continued surge in the online advertising distributed by its Internet-leading search engine.
Government  #39;must take bold decisions #39; over pensioners BRITAIN cannot wait any longer for the government to take radical action to resolve the countrys growing pensions crisis, ministers were warned last night.
State regulator plans to investigate all relevant areas SACRAMENTO, CALIF. - California #39;s top insurance regulator said Wednesday that he will be filing a civil suit shortly in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.
New Data Shows Slowdown in Euro-Zone Growth New data shows third-quarter slowdown in euro-zone growth
Button in Silverstone plea Jenson Button believes the potential loss of the British Grand Prix would be  quot;devastating quot; for Formula One. The race is facing the axe in 2005 because the British Racing Drivers #39; Club has failed to meet the asking price for promotional rights.
UK Man Held Over Cisco Source Code Theft (Reuters) Reuters - Police said on Monday they have arrested\a 20-year-old British man on suspicion of stealing Cisco\Systems  source code, the basic instructions for the\machines that direct Internet traffic across the globe.
Glaciers Shrink, But Some Resist Global Warming (Reuters) Reuters - Glaciers are melting faster than before in\some regions from the Arctic to the Alps but others are getting\bigger, scientists said on Friday.
Kerry Says He's in a 'Fighting Mood' (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Saturday he's in a ""fighting mood"" with two months to go to the presidential election as his allies defended him from questions about his valor in Vietnam.
Suddenly, Patriots' Weis Has Two Jobs The New England Patriots' offensive coordinator, Charlie Weis, will be introduced Monday as the coach of Notre Dame.
Babes in a Grown-up Toyland Are dolls, blocks and stuffed animals fading away in favor of electronic gadgets, and is childhood fading with them?
NHL lockout meeting shows unity among reps There would have been plenty to talk about when player representatives met with union leadership yesterday as the National Hockey League lockout reaches its 48th day.
Chronology of Cheney's Health Problems (AP) AP - A summary of Vice President Dick Cheney's heart problems:
For SGI supercomputer, a record-setting day With new rankings due soon, SGI, IBM and others jostle for bragging rights. Also: Speedy Mac system gets speedier.
Atlanta Track to Honor Hendrick The Atlanta Motor Speedway will pay tribute this weekend to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
Greek Bus Hijacking Ends With Surrender ATHENS, Greece -- Two armed hijackers have surrendered and released their hostages, 18 hours after seizing a bus near Athens, Greece.
Howard ire over Bush rift report The Tory leader reacts angrily to reports that he has been told his stance on the war means he cannot meet President Bush.
Grand Theft Auto ... Stolen! First it was Halo 2. Now the newest version of Grand Theft Auto has been leaked to the Internet. Rockstar Games #39; latest entry in its highly successful crime/action series, San Andreas, is scheduled for an
Nigeria union calls second strike Nigeria's main trade union says it will hold a second general strike which could target oil production.
Nittany Lions face Buckeyes team with its own share of troubles Joe Paterno points to the four freshman he has played this season as proof of his willingness to do so. Jim Tressel, meanwhile, has had less choice.
Vikings' Smith Out Two More Weeks (AP) AP - Vikings linebacker Raonall Smith will miss at least two more games because of concussions.
Nortel Lowers Job-Cut Estimates Nortel Networks Corp. on Thursday said it would cut fewer jobs than announced in August as part of the effort to improve its financial condition.
God Has 4,000 Loudspeakers; the State Holds Its Ears The Egyptian minister of religion decided that one official call to prayer would be broadcast live and carried by all of Cairo's mosques. Many of the faithful objected.
Angels #39; Vladimir Guerrero Voted AL MVP Anaheim Angels #39; Vladimir Guerrero singles to right against the Oakland Athletics during the fifth inning at Angel Stadium in Anaheim, Calif.
Get complete U2 catalog sans new iPod You don #39;t need to buy a new black and red limited edition U2 iPod to get your hands on the collection of the Irish band #39;s tunes designed to accompany it.
Two Scientists Caught in Amber It can be safely guessed that Stuart Pivar, a scientist and art collector, has more than 300 objects in his duplex apartment.
NASA Says Fixing Space Shuttle Fleet Could Top \$2 Billion WASHINGTON (AP) -- NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top \$2.2 billion - double the estimated price tag given to Congress a year ago.    O'Keefe, testifying before the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, was pressed on whether that estimate again could rise...
News.com Extra: Rules set for \$50 million space prize Plus: Putting a face on technology could improve our interaction with hi-tech gadgets.
Aruba targets wired network security Grid architecture aims to protect corporate networks from interior security threats.
Apple Smacks Real Down In yet another chapter in the sibling rivalry-esque battle between Apple and Real Networks, Apple has announced that the next generation of its iPod music player will actively block Reals attempts to make the player more open.
Microsoft proposes piracy amnesty com November 24, 2004, 2:29 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon.
NALBANDIAN FACES NOVAK SHOWDOWN Argentina #39;s David Nalbandian booked his place in the final of the Swiss Open for the third successive year on Saturday. The fourth-seed saw off Olympic gold medal winner Nicolas Massu of Chile 6-3 6-4 in the semi-final.
Palestinian Leaders Travel to France to Visit Arafat (Update5) Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia and other leaders traveled to France to see Yasser Arafat at a military hospital near Paris in a visit condemned by Arafat #39;s wife, Palestinian officials said.
Bourses start higher on late Street rally (FT.com) FT.com - Europe's bourses opened higher after Wall Street climbed late on on confirmation of the PeopleSoft/Oracle merger. In the early evening European time, the US Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates by a further quarter of a percentage point.
POTENTIAL JURORS QUESTIONED IN BRYANT CASE Kobe Bryant heads back to court in Eagle, Colorado for todays first full day of questioning of the potential jurors in the case. Prosecutors and defense lawyers in the Kobe Bryant case spent the weekend pouring
Kenyans go 1-2 in a wild finish In a wild sprint to the finish, Kenyan Luke Metto edged countryman Wilson Kigen to win the BAA Half Marathon yesterday, though both were credited with the same time -- a record-breaking 1 hour 2 minutes 57 seconds.
CIA Nominee Goss Vows to Be Bipartisan WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to be CIA director, Rep. Porter Goss, told critics who say he's too partisan for the job that he understands the importance of independent, objective intelligence, despite his nearly 16 years as a Republican partisan in Congress...
eBay Opens Wallet in Korea That #39;s a lesson leveraged for tens of millions of dollars by minority investors in Internet Auction Co., the South Korean Internet site that eBay controls and tried to take private last year.
Insurgents Quit Mosque in Najaf After Peace Deal Guerrillas loyal to Moktada al-Sadr ceded control of the holy site to the Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, but did not give up their guns.
Bush cuts our taxes to create new jobs WASHINGTON - With no fanfare, President Bush on Friday signed into law the most sweeping corporate tax law in nearly two decades and the fifth major tax cut since he took office less than four years ago.
Take it to the bank -- It #39;s USC, Sooners College football #39;s goofy formula for selecting the finalists for the national championship game on Jan. 4 is clicking about as well as the University of Washington #39;s offense, right?
Consumers Fuel Faster Economic Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Robust consumer spending during the  third quarter helped the U.S. economy advance faster than first  thought, a government report showed on Tuesday, while  underlying inflation was the tamest in decades.
Apple introduces new iBooks These new iBooks pack a lot of power in to a durable, polycarbonate plastic enclosure. Starting at \$999, the new iBooks come standard with Airport Extreme built in.
Nextel #39;s Profit Rises, Ups Outlook Nextel Communications Inc., the sixth largest US mobile company, on Friday said its third-quarter profit rose amid strong customer growth and it raised its earnings forecast for the full year.
British gov #39;t loses key case over terror suspects #39; detention LONDON (AFP) - A key but controversial plank of Britain #39;s post-September 11 security policy was thrown into disarray as the country #39;s highest court ruled that detaining terror suspects indefinitely without trial violated human rights laws.
Limited Brands Boosts 3Q Guidance Limited Brands Inc. on Monday raised third-quarter earnings guidance and increased the purchase price in its \$2 billion stock buyback.
Notre Dame extends Brey through 2010-11 season South Bend, IN (Sports Network) - Notre Dame head basketball coach Mike Brey has signed a two-year extension that will keep him under contract with the Fighting Irish through the 2010-11 season.
Wal-Mart Sees Nov. U.S. Sales Up 2-4 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday that it still\expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at\its U.S. stores open at least one year.
Packers place Pederson on IR The Green Bay Packers placed backup quarterback Doug Pederson on injured reserve Thursday, ending his season. Pederson broke a rib, cracked a bone in his back and tore a muscle in his side in a 14-7 loss Sunday to the New York Giants.
Then get more stuff for free  Construction manager Kimball Diamond often works thousands of miles from his Burlingame, Calif., office. So he didn't mind paying \$19.95 a month for a service that let him remotely control his office computer over the Internet.
Ready to go in Shanghai! Calculate race strategy and watch live telemetry from the first ever sessions of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix.
73 membres pour la Blu-ray Disc Association La Blu-ray Disc Association a publi hier un communiqu de presse donnant la liste exacte de ses membres. Cette dernire est assez impressionnante et ce sont 73 constructeurs, dveloppeurs, diteurs ou
Black: SEC In Suit Vs. Hollinger International Ex-CEO Blackguard: Merriam-Webster defines this archaic noun as  quot;scoundrel. quot; Now the US Securities and Exchange Commission might be placing just such a label on Hollinger International #39;s (nyse: HLR - news - people ) former chief executive, Conrad Black, and his
NBA notebook: MacCulloch ends basketball career Former University of Washington star center Todd MacCulloch, who hasn #39;t played for the Philadelphia 76ers in 1-1/2 years, retired yesterday from the NBA.
Web Site Takes Aim at 'Arms Race of Spin' (AP) AP - Everywhere Duke University graduate student Brendan Nyhan and his partners in the political Web site spinsanity.com look, they see spin.
Soldiers' War Blogs Detail Life in Iraq Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice. Some are overtly political, with more slanting to the right than to the left. Some question the war, some cheer it. While some military bloggers (or milbloggers) say their commanders have encouraged their online literary ventures, a few say their commanders have shut them down.
Storage Services Market Heading To  #36;30 Billion (TechWeb) TechWeb - The growth comes as more vendors offer more software to offset the plunge in storage hardware prices.
Fourth gold for Pinsent Great Britain's Matthew Pinsent claims his fourth Olympic gold as the men's coxless four triumph in a photo finish.
Blair's vow over British hostage Tony Blair vows that the government ""will continue to do whatever it can"" for hostage Ken Bigley.
U.S. Forces Advance Ahead of Falluja Assault  NEAR FALLUJA (Reuters) - U.S. planes and artillery battered  Falluja on Monday and Marines moved toward forward positions on  the outskirts of the rebel-held city ready for the start of a  full-scale offensive.
FOOTBALL: UNITED #39;S ROO MESSIAH THEY CAME to pay homage to the new hero of Old Trafford last night, to take their first glimpse at the glorious future. And the boy-man delivered as Wayne Rooney showed exactly why Sir Alex Ferguson was willing
AU reaches highest BCS ranking AUBURN - Ah, easy street. No game this week. Light practices. And now Auburn is being touted as the No. 3 team in the Bowl Championship Series standings.
CBI calls for police help against terrorism THE UK should set up a dedicated police force to help companies protect themselves from terrorist attacks, says the Confederation of British Industry.
Home Depot Raises Outlook, Tops Estimates  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a 19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, topping  estimates, as store renovations and efforts to improve service  drove higher average sales in every category.
Auburn Downplays National Title Hopes (AP) AP - There was some national championship talk going on in the locker room at Auburn's Jordan-Hare Stadium.
World Bank Head to Leave in June  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - World Bank President James  Wolfensohn told the Bush administration on Monday that he will  leave his post at mid-year, triggering a hunt for a replacement  for the top job at the global lender.
Australian-Scottish Stem Cell Sciences Offers Researchers Free &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Stem Cell Sciences, an Australian biotechnology company which recently moved its headquarters to Edinburgh, Scotland, is offering scientists worldwide, unconditional access to a new embryonic stem-cell line.
After Chaotic Procession, Arafat Is Laid to Rest on West Bank Yasir Arafat was laid to rest in a marble-and-stone grave today in Ramallah, on the West Bank, after his flag-draped coffin was carried through a crowd of chanting Palestinians
Car Bomb Explodes South of Baghdad; 2 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb exploded in a town south of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing two people and injuring 10, the latest in a spate of attacks that have killed some 150 people in the last four days.    Meanwhile Wednesday, militants released a Turkish man taken hostage in Iraq, according to a videotape obtained by Associated Press Television News...
Arafat #39;s immediate successor a moderate Rauhi Fattouh, the man chosen as Yasser Arafat #39;s immediate successor as Palestinian Authority president, is a 55-year-old moderate who only became parliament speaker six months ago.
Sri Lanka Peace Talks May Not Resume, Norwegian Minister Says Norway, which brokered a cease-fire that halted Sri Lanka #39;s two-decade civil war, isn #39;t confident peace talks will resume between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
Google Sets Price of  #36;85 in  #36;1.67 Bln IPO (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. on Wednesday\said it priced its long-awaited initial public offering at  #36;85\per share, far below initial expectations, ending a tumultuous\process beset by poor market conditions and a series of\missteps.
Tokyo Stocks Flat in Late Trade Retailers such as Ito-Yokado got a lift after government data showed activity in Japan #39;s service sector rose in June as a wide range of businesses including retailers and restaurants enjoyed a recovery in customers.
Pfizer #39;s Heart Attack NEW YORK - Since Merck #39;s Vioxx was pulled from the market for increasing the risk of heart attack and stroke in a long-term study, there has been heated debate over whether other, similar medicines, such as Pfizer #39;s Celebrex and Bextra, carry similar risks
Putnam will miss majority of Marsh cutbacks Marsh  amp; McLennan, the parent company of Hub funds firm Putnam Investments, announced 3,000 job cuts yesterday as it battles a scandal and a collapse in earnings.
Brother's tissue 'cures' sick boy \British doctors believe they have cured a boy of a rare blood disorder after transplanting cells from his baby brother.
Google Apple desktop search p2pnet.net News:-  quot;We intend to do it, quot; Google chief executive Eric Schmidt told a University of California-Los Angeles conference, recently.
Sharapova Sinks Serena in Thrilling Final  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  capped her stunning year by overcoming an injured Serena  Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour  Championships Monday.
Russia touts plans for missile system MOSCOW -- Russia is developing a new nuclear missile system unlike any weapon held by other countries, President Vladimir Putin announced yesterday, in a move that could serve as a message to the United States as Washington pushes forward with a missile defense system.
Owen hoping for Depor lift to ensure England place England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says striker Michael Owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face Wales in a World Cup qualifier - or risk losing his place.
Indian Policeman Kills Seven Colleagues in Kashmir A policeman ran amok at a security camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir after an argument and shot dead seven colleagues before he was gunned down, police said on Sunday.
Griffin, Broncos on the run again Quentin Griffin took off the middle, broke left to daylight and juked past a defender before racing into the end zone.
Turmoil in Jerusalem as Sharon breaks up coalition. . . ARIEL SHARONS shaky government was in turmoil last night after the Israeli Prime Minister sacked the junior partner from his ruling coalition.
Malaysia #39;s Anwar called  #39;traitor #39; Members of Malaysia #39;s largest political party have labelled former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim a  quot;traitor quot;. The head of the youth wing of the United Malays National Organisation ( Umno) ruled out the
News International to Move Printing Out of Wapping News International is to move printing operations out of Wapping, east London as part of plans to invest more than 600 million in new plants.
Minaya Named Power Source for the Mets Fred Wilpon, the Mets' owner, on Thursday insisted that Omar Minaya would have 'full autonomy' as the team's new general manager and president of baseball operations.
Utah Jazz Team Report - November 4 (Sports Network) - The Utah Jazz began their 2004-05 campaign with a 104-78 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers at the Delta Center on Wednesday night.
Montreal Might to Lose 2005 World Championships  TORONTO (Reuters) - Montreal could be forced to pull out of  hosting next year's world championships if help with funding is  not forthcoming, according to the chief executive of the  organizing committee.
Music player market on a high Analysts at IDC say the market could grow from the 12.5 million units shipped last year, predicting a compound growth rate of 20 per cent each year.
U.S. Iraq Death Toll Hits 1,000, Two Italians Seized  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The U.S. military death toll in Iraq  reached 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after the invasion to  topple Saddam Hussein, making its mark on the U.S. presidential  election campaign.
Apple plans European expansion of iTunes BERLIN: Apple Computer Inc is planning the next wave of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a multi-country European launch in October, the services chief architect said on Wednesday.
Troops Guard Relief Operations in Flood-Hit Haiti (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. peacekeepers beefed\up security on Thursday in the Haitian city of Gonaives where\more than 1,000 people died in floods, after desperate\survivors fought each other to get at emergency food supplies.
Rejuvenated Safin Vows to Bring Davis Cup Back to Russia  MOSCOW (Reuters) - A rejuvenated Marat Safin has vowed to  help Russia win back the Davis Cup next year after leading the  2002 champions to an easy 3-0 victory over Thailand in a World  Group playoff tie at the weekend.
Prem Preview: Arsenal-Chelsea In the biggest game of the season so far, Arsenal host Chelsea at Highbury. The country #39;s two best sides go head to head in a game that will have a massive impact on where the title ends up this season.
Tunisians head to polls in national elections TUNIS : Tunisians head to the polls to cast their ballots in legislative and presidential elections in which the ruling party of long-time President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is widely tipped to come out victorious.
Which bugger did it? Microsoft - and indeed Bungie - can #39;t be happy. Reports are sweeping the inform-o-tron superhighway that the comeplte code for Halo 2 has leaked onto the net, through newsgroups and file sharing networks.
RealNetworks ends download 49c promo Seattle  Reuters News Service, 10 September 2004 - RealNetworks is ending its 49c-per-song music download service but will keep the promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet media and software company said yesterday.
US, Iraq control Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - US and Iraqi forces in Samarra on Sunday finished retaking the last insurgent-controlled neighborhood, completing a relentless three-day push through this ancient city in a first step toward wresting control of important central Iraqi
FM Shalom meets with German FM Fischer Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom began a joint press conference with visiting German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer today by praising the release of Israeli Azzam Azzam by Egypt.
Jackson Lawyers Call Accuser's Stepfather SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Michael Jackson's defense lawyers aim to find out whether authorities violated his attorney-client privilege when they broke into the office of a private investigator hired by the pop star...
Tendulkar Test doubt SACHIN Tendulkar will return to India this week with genuine concerns his troublesome elbow will keep him out of next month #39;s showdown with Australia.
FTC Acts Against Spyware Distributor The Federal Trade Commission has filed suit against two companies owned by New Hampshire resident Sanford Wallace. The firms allegedly infected users #39; computer with spyware -- and also sold anti-spyware software.
Field of dreams turned out all wet On a night when there would be no playoff baseball, there was a desperate need for any sort of show. Curt Schilling merely walking to the bullpen served the purpose.
ChevronTexaco Profit Rises 62 on Higher Oil Prices (Update2) ChevronTexaco Corp., the second- biggest US oil company, said third-quarter profit rose 62 percent on higher oil and natural-gas prices.
SA court says Harmony needs competition approval LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Gold Fields (GFI) said Friday it welcomed a decision by a South African appeals court that Harmony Gold Mining (HMY) cannot exercise any voting rights from Gold Fields shares it may acquire from its early settlement offer until
Stocks Trim Gains; Intel Boosts Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips trimmed gains on  Friday after a senior OPEC delegate said the producer group  cannot rule out cutting oil production if oil prices slide  further and monthly U.S. jobs data showed weaker-than-expected  growth.
Syria rejects Israeli threats Syria says Israeli threats to retaliate for Damascus #39; alleged complicity in Palestinian attacks that have killed 16 Israelis this week lack credibility.
Bardot fans snap up memorabilia More than 200 Brigitte Bardot fans descend on a memorabilia sale on the star's 70th birthday.
BT Linked to US Acquisition Telecoms group BT was today being linked to a surprise return to the US market after a report said it was about to make a one billion US dollar acquisition.
Whatever Happened to SGI? What high-powered, high-design, graphics-oriented, Unix-based computers are beloved by their fanatical users? Clue: It's not what you think. By Jason Walsh.
Fourth blast in 24 hours hits southern Thailand BANGKOK (AFP) - A 60-year-old Buddhist man has been killed and seven people injured in a blast at a market in southern Thailand, the fourth in less than 24 hours in the violence-wracked Muslim-majority area, police said.
Pakistan claims crushing blow to Al-Qaeda ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistan claimed Monday it had dealt Al-Qaeda a crushing blow after killing a top militant said to have masterminded attempts on President Pervez Musharraf #39;s life and to have arranged the beheading of US reporter Daniel Pearl.
Pfizer Posts Higher Earnings on Drug Sales NEW YORK - Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday that third quarter earnings, excluding charges, beat Wall Street expectations by a penny, on strong sales of Lipitor and Celebrex medicines.
Upcoming Debates Could Prove Pivotal WASHINGTON - Because Sen. John Kerry is the challenger and lags President Bush in most national polls, he seems to have the most to gain from a strong performance in the upcoming fall debates...
Branson reaches for the stars Sir Richard Branson announces that he has signed an agreement to develop the world #39;s first privately funded space travel. Photograph: Fiona Hanson/PA.
Sainsbury #39;s profits to fall again Ailing British supermarket group Sainsburys showed a further deterioration in its performance today after its third profits warning this year.
Pentagon Weighs Use of Deception in a Broad Arena The Pentagon is engaged in bitter debate over how far it should go in managing information to influence opinion abroad.
Russia puts price on Chechen rebels Video image of hostages sitting below explosives strung from basketball hoops in the gymnasium of a school in Beslan, Russia. Photograph: NTV/AP.
Beckham escapes punishment The Football Association today decided not to charge David Beckham with bringing the game into disrepute. The FA made the surprise announcement after their compliance unit ruled
Sudan negotiator denies need for AU peacekeepers in Darfur (AFP) AFP - The head of Sudan's delegation to African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in the western province of Darfur said there was no need for the AU to send peacekeeping force to the troubled region, insisting that Khartoum could handle the security situation.
A Middle East Opening With a hard-fought election behind us, the United States is now free to refocus its energies on the myriad problems that have a direct impact on its security and destiny.
Apple Launches U2 iPod Apple Inc. announced that it has signed a deal with U2 and Universal Music Group to sell a  quot;special quot; iPod that will include U2 #39;s new album.
Lack of Courtesy From ADs Miffs Osborne (AP) AP - Tom Osborne has been out of college football for seven years, and now he can't even get a phone call returned.
Fallujah talks break down Negotiations between the interim Iraqi government and insurgent leaders who control Fallujah city have broken down, Iraqi officials said Friday, as US Marines
Need a Yawner Investment? If you're in the market for a safe little something for your portfolio, buy bonds.
Madeira trio cleared to play PORTUGUESE first division soccer side Nacional Madeira has lifted a suspension order against three of its South American players for allegedly assaulting police officers, allowing them to play in Thursday #39;s UEFA Cup match against Spanish side Sevilla.
Ace in the Hole General Manager Theo Epstein said the Red Sox want Pedro Martinez to return next season. Martinez is a free agent after the season.
Tampa Bay vs. St Louis ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- A pair of emotionally charged teams meet Monday night when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers visit the St. Louis Rams.
Retailers Post Mediocre Holiday Sales Lucinda Antal, of Liverpool, England, right, tests lipstick shades on her hand at the Face store in New York Sunday Nov. 28, 2004, assissted by salesperson David Kalahiki.
Canadian PM expels anti-Bush MP Paul Martin dismisses an MP from the ruling Liberal Party because of her outspoken criticism of US President George W Bush.
Embattled Blair pushes for third term Here we are again .. my toughest week yet since the last one ... and before the next one, said the ever-embattled but resolute British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the start of a
Fresh Look at Vaccines This season's flu-shot shortage is enticing companies to enter a market that others have largely abandoned because of poor profits.&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Gunman kills Sri Lankan judge A Sri Lankan high court judge and his bodyguard are shot dead in the capital, Colombo, police say.
France to Lower Debt With Telecom Sale France will sell up to 12.1 percent of France Telecom in Europe's largest share placement in four years, bringing as much as \$6.95 billion into state coffers.
Apple to Pay Dividend? Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) has finally agreed to pay a dividend. No, not the kind of owner dividend that would have Motley Fool Income Investor subscribers donning their
Japan quake kills 18, aftershocks strike fear Strong aftershocks shook northern Japan on Sunday after the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people and injured some 1,500 as houses collapsed, roads crumbled and rail tracks buckled.
Microsoft: Linux may mean price cuts, fewer sales SEC filing shows just how much open source is worrying the software giant.
Hitachi spruiks new storage line HITACHI Data Systems is pushing visualisation as a key selling point of its new TagmaStore line, marketing the release as masking the  quot;management complexity quot; of multiple storage systems.
53 dead in China plane crash A China Eastern commuter plane has crashed into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia, killing all 53 passengers and crew, state media have said.
Owen Scores as Real Madrid Wins in Champions League (Update1) Michael Owen scored his first goal for Real Madrid as the record nine-time European champion beat Dynamo Kiev 1-0 in soccer #39;s Champions League.
Pakistan opposition prepares anti-Musharraf protest (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani opposition parties announced plans on Saturday for a countrywide campaign against President Pervez Musharraf after indications he would renege on a promise to quit as army chief by the end of the year.
Death toll rises to 66 from Chinese coal mine explosion as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with toxic fumes Friday as the death toll in China #39;s worst mining accident this year rose to 66, with 82 workers missing and feared dead.
PluggedIn: Digital Cameras All the Rage This Christmas  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When families and friends get  together for the holidays this year, many more of them will use  a digital camera to record those memories.
Pak. parliament elects Aziz as new PM : Opposition lawmakers boycotted a parliamentary vote on Friday that unanimously elected Shaukat Aziz as Pakistan #39;s new prime minister after their candidate, a jailed opposition leader, was barred from attending the proceedings.
UPDATE: BHP Flags Iron Ore Increase After China Deal PERTH (Dow Jones)--Having secured Chinese iron ore sales worth US\$12.2 billion, Australia-based global miner BHP Billiton Ltd. (BHP) said Tuesday that a further aggressive
Pair tell of 'Falconio' sighting Two witnesses tell an Australian court they saw UK backpacker Peter Falconio more than a week after he disappeared.
N.Y. Welcomes Protesters With Discounts (AP) AP - Discounted hotels and Broadway show tickets for convention protesters?
Lyx - WYSIWYM Document Processing   WYSIWYG is dead; long live WYSIWYM - What You See Is What You Mean!    Well, perhaps that's an exaggeration.  WYSIWYG seemed like a great idea last century ;-).  With all the latest display and print technology, one could craft a document on screen and see it how it would be printed.  The WYSIWYG paradigm has become so entrenched in UI design it's almost taken for granted by users and developers.
Iraqi Aviation Staffers, Aides to the President Killed on Way to Work  BAGHDAD, Oct. 21 -- Two attacks on vehicles carrying Iraqi women to their jobs Thursday morning claimed the lives of six women and one man and severely wounded more than a dozen people, witnesses and government officials said.
Serena Reaches Fourth Round of U.S. Open (AP) AP - Hardly at her best, barely beating one of the tour's pesky teens, Serena Williams suddenly found herself face-down at the U.S. Open. Running for a ball she couldn't reach, the six-time Grand Slam champion slipped and planted both palms on court to brace herself. Williams shook the sting out of her hands, beckoned a ball boy to retrieve her fallen racket, then took her sweet time before facing break point. Recomposed, Williams smacked a service winner at 111 mph, an ace just as fast, and forced an error. Just like that, she held serve en route to beating 30th-seeded Tatiana Golovin 7-5, 6-4 Friday night to reach the Open's fourth round.
Bad Scoring and Slights at the Olympics Michael Wilbon is wrong Sports, Aug. 22. Paul Hamm should turn in his gold medal, which he did not earn. The judges #39; clerical error had no effect on how Paul Hamm or Yang Tae Young performed, and the correction can be made after the fact.
IBM claims virtualization victory over EMC IBM is claiming a storage management victory over EMC, saying it can now control its leading competitor's entire line of storage arrays with the latest version its SAN Volume Controller appliance.
Local racing voices agree:  #39;3 #39; earns a 10 Iassembled three of the toughest critics imaginable last week for a private screening of the Dale Earnhardt biopic, which premiers on ESPN Saturday at 9 pm, and not one of them made a pit
Sri Lanka steps up security COLOMBO: Sri Lanka stepped up security in the capital Colombo on Saturday as police launched an investigation into the slaying of a judge and his bodyguard, officials said.
Delphi to Eliminate an Additional 8,500 Jobs Delphi, the world #39;s largest auto parts maker, said Friday that it would cut nearly 5 percent of its work force, or 8,500 jobs, as it copes with the declining fortunes
Both Parties See a Big Increase in New Voters A sweeping voter registration campaign in heavily Democratic areas has added tens of thousands of new voters to the rolls in the swing states of Ohio and Florida.
Petulance, style, Drogba has both LONDON - Arsenal bored their way to a 1-0 Champions League win over PSV Eindhoven thanks to a piece of Thierry Henry brilliance, and Henrik Larsson returned to Celtic as a Barcelona player to hand his former team their first European defeat in three years
Social Security to Rise 2.7 Pct. in 2005 WASHINGTON - More than 47 million Americans receiving Social Security will get a 2.7 percent increase - an extra \$25, on average - in their monthly checks next year, but much of the increase will be eaten up by higher Medicare premiums.    The Social Security Administration announced the cost-of-living adjustment Tuesday, and the increase will start showing up in checks in January...
Judge Investigates Another Total Executive (AP) AP - A judge investigating suspicions that Total paid bribes to access markets has opened legal proceedings against one of the oil giant's Middle East directors, judicial officials said Friday.
British Grand Prix off 2005 F1 Schedule London, England (Sports Network) - According to Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone, the British Grand Prix will be left off next year #39;s Formula One Grand Prix Schedule.
Germany Extends Afghan Mission The German Parliament on Thursday overwhelming approved a one-year extension of the Bundeswehr #39;s Afghanistan mandate. The decision comes a day after a grenade attack on a German camp in Kunduz injured five.
Securing the gold in Athens Despite age-old Olympic truce known as the ekecheiria, or ""holding of hands,"" security experts aren't taking any chances.\
Reform candidate enters PA race Palestinian democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti joins the race to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian president.
Casagrande and Golbano unfit for Vuelta Italian cyclist Francesco Casagrande (Lampre) and Spaniard Carlos Romn Golbano (Costa de Almera-Paternina) have been declared unfit to start the Vuelta a Espaa, after blood tests on Wednesday evening revealed that they each had exceeded the
MS to launch final Windows Media Player 10 today Microsoft will announce the final version of its Windows Media 10 software today when it launches Windows XP Media Center 2005. Central to the announcement is Windows Media Player 10, which integrates MS #39; latest
Henin-Hardenne advances The early action on the second day of the US Open at Flushing Meadows in New York saw an easy victory for the number one seed, Belgium #39;s Justine Henin-Hardenne.
Owens, Lewis Explain Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis insists he is done talking about Terrell Owens and the deal that almost brought the wideout to Baltimore.
Unrest is stirring among Chinese factory workers DONGGUAN, China -- Heralded by an unprecedented series of walkouts, the first stirrings of unrest have emerged among the millions of youthful migrant workers who supply seemingly inexhaustible cheap labor for the vast expanse of factories in China's booming Pearl River Delta.
Tamil Tigers reject peace plans Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels dismiss new government proposals to restart peace talks.
Knicks Are Ready, Even if Houston Isn #39;t Opening night is on the horizon, but Allan Houston is still more curiosity than fixture in any discussion of the Knicks #39; rotation, and the remodeled lineup appears ready to take its first steps without him.
Supreme Court decision sought over file sharing In the latest volley of the file-sharing wars, the movie and music industries have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to overturn a federal appeals court decision that favored Grokster and StreamCast Networks, the makers of software that allow
Cap Gemini Said to Weigh Selling Unit in America Cap Gemini, the Paris-based technology consulting and outsourcing giant, is considering a sale of its struggling business in North America.
Suicide bomber kills 11 as recruits join Iraqi police A suicide bomber struck for the second time in 24 hours yesterday near where National Guard recruits were waiting to sign on, killing at least 11 people in west Baghdad.
Haitians Pray for 1,500 Killed by Jeanne (AP) AP - In a cathedral ankle-deep in mud and overturned pews, Haitians prayed for 1,500 killed by Tropical Storm Jeanne and gave thanks for their lives  #151; though most lost homes and belongings  #151; while the United Nations rushed in hundreds more peacekeepers to stem looting by gangsters and ordinary citizens of the ravaged city of Gonaives.
XM Satellite in \$650 Mln Baseball Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - XM Satellite Radio &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XMSR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;XMSR.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it signed a \$650 million deal to broadcast Major  League Baseball games for 11 years, countering a rival's moves  to sign up high-profile programing that will lure listeners to  the new medium.
BALCO fallout continues Former track superstar Marion Jones was  quot;without a doubt quot; a drugs cheat, according to the man who says he devised Jones #39; program for use of banned performance-enhancing drugs before she won five gold medals at the 2000 Olympics.
Ravens Look Ahead The uncharacteristic performance of the Ravens' defense is still a touchy subject with linebacker Ray Lewis.
Astros climb to new heights It took 43 years, but the Houston Astros are finally postseason winners. Carlos Beltran hit two more homers and drove in five runs, while original Killer B's Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell chipped in during a five-run seventh inning that carried the Astros to a 12-3 rout of the Atlanta Braves last night in Game 5 of their ...
U.S. Warplane Drops Bombs on Fallujah (AP) AP - A U.S. warplane bombed the restive city of Fallujah on Friday, witnesses said.
Currencies: Dollar falls as traders await Fed testimony NEW YORK The dollar fell against the euro and the yen amid optimism over Japanese growth and as traders awaited congressional testimony by the Federal Reserve chairman, Alan Greenspan.
Caution in Court for Gay Rights Groups Gay rights groups plan to limit challenges to constitutional amendments banning gay marriage that 11 states passed last week.
Champions Trophy heats up heading into semifinals World champion Australia faces erratic England in today #39;s semifinals while Pakistan - having beaten traditional rival India - now faces Brian Lara #39;s West Indies, which upset South Africa.
Geminid Meteor Shower Peaks Monday Night Viewing conditions could be just right to try and catch a meteor shower Monday night. Some scientists say the best shooting star show of the year will peak Monday night.
Red Sox beat Rivera, Yankees to pull within 2 1/2 Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Orlando Cabrera and Johnny Damon each had RBI singles in a two-run ninth inning, as the Boston Red Sox beat star closer Mariano Rivera and the New York Yankees, 3-2, to further tighten the American League East race.
Putin Defends Chechnya Policy at Talks Russian President Vladimir Putin defended his stance on Chechnya during talks with Germany #39;s Gerhard Schrder and France #39;s Jacques Chirac on Tuesday after both questioned him on the matter.
Witness says CIA oversaw abuse at Abu Ghraib Witnesses in the trial of a US soldier charged with abusing prisoners at Abu Ghraib have told the court that the CIA sometimes directed abuse and orders were received from military command to toughen interrogations.
Colombia Won't Extradite Top Warlord President Alvaro Uribe pledged Thursday not to extradite the country's top right-wing paramilitary leader to the United States to face drug trafficking charges provided he ceases all illegal activities and stays in peace talks.
Colgate Warns, Shares Hit 4-Year Low  By Brad Dorfman  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  issued its first formal profit warning in almost a decade,  saying earnings will fall well short of Wall Street forecasts  due to higher marketing spending, sending its shares down 11  percent to a four-year low.
Lewis Fires 62 to Lead Funai Classic (AP) AP - J.L. Lewis matched his best score on the PGA Tour and was kicking himself for two easy birdie putts that got away.
Employers try shifting health costs Michael Koonce, who heads the legal department at Boston mutual fund manager Evergreen Investments, doesn't have a clue how much is deducted from his hefty paychecks for his family's health plan. And when the deductions go up, he said, it's  quot;not going to break the bank for me. quot;
Monty gets the call The confidence Colin Montgomerie has displayed throughout the week in Munich proved to have been justified today when, as expected, he was named as one of Bernard Langer #39;s wild cards for the European Ryder Cup team.
More than 100 Iraqis demand release of Margaret Hassan About 150 Iraqis, many of them recipients of humanitarian aid, rallied Monday in front of the Baghdad offices of CARE International to demand the release of aid worker Margaret Hassan.
Chechen rebel claims school siege Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claims responsibility for the Beslan siege in which more than 320 hostages died.
Annan hurt by son : UN secretary-general Kofi Annan said yesterday he was disappointed his son did not tell him the full story of his ties to a firm involved in the UN oil-for-food programme, now under investigation.
FARINELLA: McGinest saves win Two years in a row, the Patriots #39; veteran outside linebacker has made the biggest play at exactly the right moment to maintain the separation between the Colts and true greatness.
Segway CEO scoots from company Ron Bills will take off next month, leaving Segway to find the fourth CEO in its short history.
Russia Plans Space Station Launch on Oct. 11 Russia will launch a three-man crew to the International Space Station on Oct. 11, two days later than initially scheduled due to problems with the docking system, Itar-Tass news agency reported on Wednesday.
Cassini Shows Grandeur of Two Saturn Moons JPL -- New views of two of Saturn #39;s moons, Titan and Tethys, represent the most detailed look at these moons to date and show a sharp contrast between them -- one is foggy and one is cratered.
ALPA vote expected this week The Air Line Pilots Association expects to have a decision by early Thursday regarding a \$300 million wage and benefit concession agreement affecting its US Airways pilots, according to a union spokesman.
Militants Threaten to Behead U.S., UK Hostages in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents threatened to behead two  Americans and a Briton captured in Baghdad on Saturday and  launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in  the northern city of Kirkuk that killed at least 23 people.
Americans and Freedom \\""When we Americans first began, our biggest danger was clearly in view: we knew\from the bitter experience with King George III that the most serious threat to\democracy is usually the accumulation of too much power in the hands of an\Executive, whether he be a King or a president. Our ingrained American distrust\of concentrated power has very little to do with the character or persona of the\individual who wields that power. It is the power itself that must be\constrained, checked, dispersed and carefully balanced, in order to ensure the\survival of freedom. In addition, our founders taught us that public fear is the\most dangerous enemy of democracy because under the right circumstances it ...\\
Johnson boss to fill big shoes at Nike William Perez, president and chief executive officer of Racine-based SC Johnson  amp; Son Inc., is taking the reins of Nike Inc., the world #39;s dominant marketer of athletic shoes.
Ten Are Killed in Crash of Hendrick Team Plane A plane owned by the Nascar race team Hendrick Motorsports crashed Sunday en route to the Subway 500 Nextel Cup race at Martinsville Speedway, killing all 10 on board.
U.S. Technologies Stock Delisted After Fraud U.S. Technologies Inc., a once high-flying Washington firm, ceased to exist as a publicly traded company when its stock was de-registered yesterday, four months after chief executive C. Gregory Earls was convicted of defrauding investors of \$13.8 million. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Els edges away from Harrington Ernie Els took a three shot lead against Padraig Harrington at the HSBC World Match Play at Wentworth today. The South African is three up on the Irishman after 17 holes of their semi-final this afternoon.
Oil slips below \$47 a barrel to 7-week low Oil prices fell on Monday to a seven-week low just under \$47 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch despite a cold snap in North America at the weekend.
Novell foray into Linux market targets large enterprise customers Strong words  the likes of which the industry has heard before  accompanied Novell Inc. #39;s release of its next-generation Linux desktop for enterprise customers, Novell Linux Desktop 9, powered by SUSE Linux.
Software promises to read want-ads for you Tired of combing the Net for the right tech job? A start-up says its program can do it--and better than online job boards.
EBay to Buy Rent.com for \$415 Mln in Cash and Stock (Update3) EBay Inc., the world #39;s largest Web auctioneer, agreed to buy privately held Rent.com for \$415 million in cash and stock as it expands into classified listings.
Former N.Korea Inmates Tell of Suffering in Camps  SEOUL (Reuters) - Three former North Korean inmates gave  harrowing accounts on Monday of alleged suffering at political  camps, part of an event organized by activists aimed at  prodding Seoul to tackle Pyongyang on human rights.
Legal downloading reported down The number of consumers legally downloading recorded music has fallen to 1 million from a high of 1.3 million in April, The Hollywood Reporter said Wednesday.
Tom Lehman: A closer look Many people in golf are asking that today. He certainly wasn #39;t A-list and he wasn #39;t Larry Nelson either. But you couldn #39;t find a more solid guy to lead the United States into Ireland for the 2006 Ryder Cup Matches.
Dozens killed in Pakistan blasts Pakistani troops patrol the city of Multan after bomb blasts at a Sunni gathering left 39 people dead.
Webb Ousted in Prelim Alan Webb is outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters.
Disabled man dies in Israeli raid Israeli troops shoot dead a mentally ill Palestinian during a raid in Jenin refugee camp in the West Bank.
Venture Firms Warm Up To Open Source, But Questions Remain (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - When Matrix Partners gave  #36;10 million to open-source software maker JBoss Group last February, some wondered whether the venture capital investors had lost their minds.
U.S. Stages Fight-Back at Ryder Cup But Still Trails  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The U.S. Ryder Cup  team, wounded after a first day mauling, launched a fierce  fightback on Saturday to keep their hopes alive with two wins  and a halved fourball rubber.
Lockyer woe great for Brits AN already confident Great Britain side have been boosted by news Australian skipper Darren Lockyer and forward Craig Fitzgibbon have been ruled out of Saturday #39;s Tri-Nations clash in Manchester.
Telefonica rejects 2 bln euro bid for TV show unit: rpt LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spanish telecom Telefonica (TEF) has rejected a bid of 2 billion euros for its Endemol television production company that produces the hit Big Brother show, The Times of London said Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
Paradoxically, African Railroad Keeps Habitat Intact Normally, transportation routes through wilderness are frowned on by conservationists. But a newly restored railroad in Madagascar is persuading locals not to slash and burn the surrounding landscape.
Exit Poll: Challenger Leads in Ukraine (AP) AP - An exit poll and initial early returns from abroad Sunday showed opposition challenger Viktor Yushchenko heading to a commanding victory in Ukraine's presidential run-off, which pitted the Western-leaning reformer against the Kremlin-praised prime minister in a vote many feared would turn violent.
Israel, Egypt Swap Prisoners in Sign of Warmer Ties  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Egypt sent a convicted Israeli spy  home after eight years in jail and Israel released six Egyptian  infiltrators on Sunday in a sign that relations strained by the  Palestinian uprising were warming.
Mississippi St. Upsets No. 20 Florida (AP) AP - Sylvester Croom's first big win for Mississippi State sent Florida to a new low under coach Ron Zook. Jerious Norwood's 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining lifted Mississippi State to a 38-31 upset of the 20th-ranked Gators on Saturday.
Ukrainians to vote in second round The Central Election Commission of Ukraine has announced that the second round of the countrys presidential election would be held.
Milwaukee Brewers Team Report - September 15 (Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Brewers continue a three-game series against Barry Bonds and the San Francisco Giants tonight at Miller Park.
Mutu #39;s Lying Claims Mourinho Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has accused Adrian Mutu of lying about a clash between the pair over the striker #39;s availability for Romania #39;s World Cup qualifiers earlier this month.
Australian PM says no regrets over SMS statement after Jakarta &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY, Australia (AFP): Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Monday he did not regret a releasing details of an SMS that reportedly warned of an attack minutes before his country #39;s Jakarta embassy was bombed last week.
Crude Futures Hover Around \$55 a Barrel SINGAPORE - Crude oil futures hovered around the US\$55-a-barrel mark Wednesday on fears of a heating oil shortage ahead of the northern winter, and oil cartel OPEC urged Washington to release more oil from its strategic reserve to calm the market.
Pink Locusts from North Africa Swarm Through Cairo  CAIRO (Reuters) - Swarms of pink locusts swept through the  Egyptian capital on Wednesday, evoking the biblical description  of the plagues which struck in the time of Moses.
McKenzie over-takes Hughes in Melbourne Australian David McKenzie upstaged some illustrious rivals with an eight-under-par 64 to lead going into the final round of the Australian Masters in Melbourne.
Sudan government eases restrictions on aid work The government said it had lifted all restrictions on aid workers and revoked a state of emergency in the troubled North Darfur state yesterday, after rebels
Scientists Obtain Evidence Earth #39;s Spin Twists Space-Time Around &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An international research team has found the first direct evidence that the Earth is dragging space and time around itself as it rotates, like a spoon spinning in honey.
Nextel Gets Navy Cell Phone Contract Nextel Communications Inc. said Monday that it received a contract worth up to \$100 million to provide the Navy with cell phone service.
AT amp;T launches text-only wireless In a bid to hook younger consumers with a penchant for chatting via messaging, AT amp;T Wireless launched a wireless device Monday that can interconnect with the nation #39;s top messaging services.
Deion Sanders Leaves Game With Injury Ravens defensive back Deion Sanders strained a hamstring muscle in the second quarter of Baltimore's game against Pittsburgh on Sunday.
Australian star Kewell back to face Solomons in Oceania final The news got worse for the Solomon Islands when it was confirmed Australia #39;s leading player Harry Kewell was passed fit to play in the second leg of the Oceania Nations Cup final.
UPDATE 1-South Africa crush sorry Bangladesh Graeme Smith led South Africa to a thumping nine-wicket victory over Bangladesh in their ICC Champions Trophy Group B match in Birmingham on Sunday.
Fla. to Begin Everglades Overhaul Project (AP) AP - The state plans to start eight projects related to Everglades restoration, including building reservoirs that could ease suburban flooding and environmental damage from hurricanes, officials said Thursday.
Corus Expects First Full-Year Profit on Rising Prices (Update2) Corus Group Plc, the UK #39;s biggest steelmaker, expects to report its first full-year profit after increasing prices four times since January.
IDF: Complete Intel processor lineup to migrate to dual-cores in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intels complete lineup of processors for desktops, notebooks and servers will migrate to a dual- and multi-core architecture in 2005, company president and chief operating officer Paul Otellini said yesterday in a keynote speech at the IDF (Intel
Hopkins #39; big win, bigger paydays Bernard Hopkins seeks to cash in on his knockout of Oscar De La Hoya, who must ponder an uncertain future. By wire services. LAS VEGAS - Bernard Hopkins #39; future seems certain for once, full of big fights and even bigger paydays.
UN still cant rule out Iran N-plan VIENNA, SEPTEMBER 14: After two years of investigating Irans atomic programme, the UN nuclear watchdog still cannot rule out that Tehran has a secret atom-bomb project as Washington insists, the agencys chief said on Tuesday.
Ex-McAfee Exec Settles Insider-Trade Case (AP) AP - Criminal charges were filed Tuesday against a former executive at Network Associates Inc., alleging he illegally profited from advance knowledge of a massive sales shortfall in 2000.
Negative sentiment towards US stock market rises NEW YORK, August 17 (New Ratings)  Analysts at Merrill Lynch say that a recent survey of global fund managers demonstrates continuously increasing negative sentiments towards the US stock market trends.
Benfica, Alkmaar Reach Last 32 of UEFA Cup Soccer Tournament Benfica beat Beveren 3-0 and Alkmaar of the Netherlands defeated Rangers 1-0 to advance in European soccer #39;s UEFA Cup. Italy #39;s Lazio was eliminated.
Big boss is watching Wireless companies are rolling out new GPS services for employers that can track the physical location of mobile workers.
Spain Unchanged for Davis Cup Final  MADRID (Reuters) - Spain have named an unchanged team for  next month's Davis Cup final against the United States in  Seville as they bid to secure a second title in five years.
Americans Using Online Reputation Systems (AP) AP - A quarter of online Americans have taken advantage of one of the Internet's true powers: the ability to let users collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
Rumors Rife, But Few Clues To Russia #39;s Twin Air Crash As Russia held a day of mourning Thursday for the 89 people who died when two airliners went down, speculation continued to swirl around the cause of the near-simultaneous crashes.
Oklahoma Strenghens Number Two Spot In BCS Poll It #39;s still a USC/Oklahoma one two punch in the latest Bowl Championship Series poll. In fact, Oklahoma strengthened its lead over third place Auburn in this week #39;s BCS poll; the Tigers were idle last week and have a huge game this week with Georgia.
Wizards Pummel Hawks, 114-90 (AP) AP - Larry Hughes scored 19 points and Juan Dixon added 17 to lead Washington to a 114-90 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Friday night, moving the Wizards four games over .500 for the first time in almost three years.
Ancient fruit basket dug up near Athens ATHENS -- A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled inside a bronze vessel, a Greek archeologist said yesterday.
Chirac on final day of UK visit The French president Jacques Chirac lays a wreath at the tomb of Edward VII on the final day of his visit to Britain.
Stewart becomes federal inmate No. 55170-054 NEW YORK - Martha Stewart still does not know where she will do her time for lying about a stock sale, but she #39;s already been designated federal inmate No.
Direct US flight to Vietnam departs With fanfare and an appearance by actor David Hasselhoff, a United Airlines flight headed for Ho Chi Minh City on Thursday - the first direct flight from the United States to Vietnam in almost three decades.
Chinese Government Distances Itself from Qians Anti-Bush &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China #39;s government is playing down an editorial in an official newspaper that slammed President Bush #39;s foreign policy on the eve of US elections.
Martin Back in Chase for NASCAR Title Dale Earnhardt Jr, right, talks with Matt Kenseth, left, during a break in practice at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway in Concord, NC, Thursday Oct. 14, 2004 before qualifying for Saturday #39;s UAW-GM Quality 500 NASCAR Nextel Cup race.
Three and out JACKSONVILLE - The players pinned buttons to their Gator blue wind suits that read:  quot;Another level. quot;. They wore gray T-shirts with the words  quot;Pride Out quot; on the front and  quot;Coaches, Team, Family, quot; on the back.
7 airlines to sell tickets on new electronic system Seven big US airlines have signed up to sell tickets through a new low-cost electronic distribution network. The announcement Wednesday of the network, Trueconnect, is the latest in the big airlines #39; assault on high ticketing costs.
Omni BioTech to pay penalty and halt sales The state has effectively shut down a Marysville-based company that allegedly misled consumers about the effectiveness of breast-enlargement, weight-loss and sexual-dysfunction products it marketed through Web sites.
Microsoft, Others File More Anti-Spam Lawsuits  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and other  Internet access providers filed three new lawsuits on Thursday  to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail messages touting  everything from home refinancing to miracle health cures.
Westpac just gets stronger WESTPAC said yesterday it was on track with its plans for the first two months of 2005 and expected to deliver strong full-year results, despite intensifying competition.
AOL Gives Voice to Consumers America Online (Quote, Chart) launched a consumer version of its AIM Voice Conferencing (AVC) system today, underscoring the company #39;s stated belief that instant messaging is the new doorway to communication in the office and at home.
Airbus Deliveries Airbus will deliver at least 315 #39; #39; aircraft in 2004, EADS said. Boeing plans to deliver about 285 planes. Airbus sold 63 planes in the third quarter compared with 50 a year earlier as passenger traffic worldwide rose to levels reached before the Sept.
Microsoft changes Sender ID, AOL back on board Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal this week by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online (AOL).
HP to launch  #39;virus-throttling #39; software SAN FRANCISCO--Hewlett-Packard plans to give customers a new weapon against viruses: Software that crimps their spread. Early next year, the computer maker will begin selling software designed to slow the
""Phir Milenge"" tackles HIV stigma in India (Reuters) Reuters - In a movie-mad country where people are shy about discussing sex, a Bollywood film-maker hopes to shed some light on India's potentially disastrous HIV problem.
HP shelves virus-throttling product Virus Throttler, unveiled by HP in February, was one of two new security services developed by company researchers that debuted at the RSA Security Conference.
Cisco brings IT skills to UK prisoners Cisco Systems is working with the UK government on a pilot program to train prison inmates in information and communications technology (ICT) skills.
Backs off drastic fare  amp; service plans The MTA unexpectedly has withdrawn its doomsday plan to raise fares, slash service and pink-slip workers. New Yorkers had been told to prepare for the worst, including a nearly across-the-board hike in discount MetroCard prices.
California Cities, Counties Sue Microsoft Several California cities and counties, are accusing Microsoft of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the PC operating system market.
Red Sox will appear on Wheaties box The Boston Red Sox will be the first World Series winner featured on a Wheaties box since the 1999 New York Yankees. The special edition package will picture David Ortiz on the front of the box, along with
After Months of Hoopla, Google Debut Fits the Norm In the stock #39;s first day of trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above \$100 - 18 percent above where it started.
Pakistan Military Plays Down 'Terror Summit' Report  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan's military Monday played  down a report in the latest edition of Time magazine describing  what it called a ""summit of terrorists"" held in March in  lawless tribal areas bordering Afghanistan.
Kerkorian and MGM, Off Again On Monday, Kirk Kerkorian sold Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for the third time. As a Hollywood reconciliation story, that means Kerkorian has bought and sold the venerable movie studio more times than Elizabeth Taylor married Richard Burton.
Thomson Corp. to buy e-learning company KnowledgeNet The Thomson Corp. of Stamford, Conn., will acquire KnowledgeNet Inc., a privately held live e-learning company, and merge it with its enterprise learning business, Thomson NETg.
NEXT GEN HEALTHCARE BY JOANN MILLS LAING. HEALTH Savings Accounts (HSAs) are the first step in a profound and dra matic transformation of the Ameri can health-care system.
Yankees Nearing Deal to Acquire Johnson Two agents said that the Yankees were on the verge of acquiring Randy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Podcasts: New Twist on Net Audio A technology that delivers internet audio programs directly to iPods and other MP3 players, podcasting is gaining a following among people who can't listen to their favorite shows when they're live. By Daniel Terdiman.
Health Mgmt Associates Cuts 4Q Outlook Health Management Associates Inc., an operator of acute care and psychiatric hospitals, said Monday that damage related to Hurricanes Charley and Frances will lower fourth-quarter earnings by 2 cents per share.
Iceland Offers Asylum to Jailed Fischer Iceland has agreed to offer asylum to Bobby Fischer, the former chess champion who is being held in a Japanese jail while fighting extradition to the United States.
U.S. Opposes Passport Privacy Protections (AP) AP - The Bush administration opposed security measures for new microchip-equipped passports that privacy advocates contended were needed to prevent identity theft, government snooping or a terror attack, according to State Department documents released Friday.
Rossi brings Yamaha closer to title with Malaysian Grand Prix &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEPANG, Malaysia (AFP) - Valentino Rossi of Italy won the Malaysian motorcycling Grand Prix to extend his overall lead in the world championship here.
TiVo, Netflicks to announce partnership TiVo, the popular digital video recording system, and Netflix plan to team up to offer customers movie-downloading on demand. According to Newsweek, an announcement is due later this month.
Scientists decode chicken DNA The latest creature to have its DNA fully decoded is the chicken. Scientists from 49 countries announce the completion of the International Chicken Genome Sequencing Project today in the science journal Nature.
Consumer Confidence Dips in September NEW YORK - Consumer confidence declined in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.    The Consumer Confidence Index fell 1.9 points to 96.8 from a revised reading of 98.7 in August, according to The Conference Board...
Bonds still on hold for 700 Club Miller Park fans seemed far more disappointed Wednesday night at missing a chance to witness history than seeing the San Francisco Giants embarrass their Milwaukee Brewers.
Cowboys' Jones Out With Broken Shoulder (AP) AP - Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones broke his left shoulder and is expected to be out about two months.
Fierce Clashes in Iraq Kill 34 People BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces battled insurgents loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Tuesday, in clashes that killed 34 people, including one American soldier, and wounded 193, U.S...
Feds anticipate 6,000 will be added annually to new sex offender registry (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - A national sex offender registry came into force Wednesday, requiring convicted offenders to register within 15 days after being released from prison, or if they're ordered to register.
IBM Rolls Out Low-Cost Blade Servers (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has announced a low-cost blade server chassis, along with several new ""business-in-a-box"" packages for a wide range of industries, including the growing bioinformatics sector.
Union Challenges N.F.L. Revenue Plan Gene Upshaw, executive director of the players association, said the union was focused on dividing revenue more equitably.
Asian Stocks Rise as Oil Drops From Record; Honda Leads Advance Asian stocks rose after oil prices fell from a record on Friday, easing concern higher energy costs will damp consumer spending and corporate profits.
Euro soars as ECB chief defends rate THE dollar tumbled to new lows against the euro yesterday as markets brushed aside an upgrade to US growth and a fresh warning from the European Central Banks President
Germany unveils debt cut measures The German government has unveiled a series of measures aimed at bringing the country #39;s public deficit back below the eurozone #39;s 3 of GDP limit in 2005.
August Factory Orders Dip, Aircraft Dive  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New orders at U.S. factories showed  strength in August, even though a drop in aircraft orders  pulled the overall indicator lower, the U.S. Commerce  Department reported on Monday.
Does Playboy Interview Violate Google IPO? Does Playboy Interview Violate Google IPO?\\On the day of the IPO comes more Google controversy - Google rsquo;s founders will appear in an upcoming issue of Playboy magazine. Although the interview was apparently held before the IPO hype,  the Playboy interview may have broken US Securities laws over pre-IPO  #8220;quiet ...
TISCALI ANNOUNCES SELLS OFF SWEDISH SUBSIDIARY FOR 13 MLN (AGI) - Rome, Aug. 30 - Tiscali has reached an agreement to sell off its Swedish subsidiary, Tiscali AB to Spray Network AB, a company controlled by Lycos Europe.
SI.com KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- Ichiro Suzuki and the Seattle Mariners made their first appearance at Kauffman Stadium this season, much to the dismay of the Kansas City Royals .
ECB and Britain leave key interest rates alone BRUSSELS: Record high oil price pose the biggest threat to the global economic recovery, the European Central Bank said yesterday as it left its key interest rate unchanged at 2 per cent.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher After Nasdaq  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened 0.64  percent higher on Monday as investors took a cue from gains in  U.S. technology stocks, snapping up Toshiba Corp. and several  other lagging high-tech issues.
Fulham call in lawyers over brawl Fulham have brought in lawyers for advice on the best way to fight a mass of Football Association disciplinary charges which could also land manager Chris Coleman and several of his players with major suspensions and fines.
Major Vendors Explore Grid Frontiers While grid computing vendors Sun and IBM are taking the reins of the utility computing market, the competition is collaborating to provide proof-of-concept projects to improve and showcase their services and offerings.
ALL EYES ON BOWDEN AFTER FAMILY TRAGEDY MIAMI - Who would have thought that one of the greatest rivalries in college football over the last 20 years, a game that often has decided who will play for the national championship, would become an afterthought?
Nortel to lay off 10 of staff Nortel plans to cut about 3,500 jobs, most of them affecting middle managers, in a move to save \$450 million to \$500 million per year.
So, That's the Point of This Company The head of InterActiveCorp talks about the confusion that the company's setup provokes and whether he would consider becoming the chief executive at Disney.
Colombia Destroys Stockpiled Land Mines In eight thunderous explosions, Colombia blew up its remaining 6,800 stockpiled land mines, winning the praise of Jordan's visiting Queen Noor who said the move took courage given that the nation is still fighting an internal conflict.
Comparison-Shop For Prescription Drugs We look for the best bargain when we shop for a car or a new coat. But what if you could comparison-shop your prescription medication?
Denmark Hopes to Claim North Pole (AP) AP - Denmark is joining Russia and Canada to see if it can lay a claim to the North Pole  #151; and whatever natural riches may lie beneath it.
Are you Chicken? Genome study shows we share half their genes! According to a recent study, a Chicken and a Human share half of their genes. Although the chicken genome contains considerably less DNA than the human genome, it has about the same number of genes.
China 'blocks Google news site' China has been accused of blocking access to Google News by the media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders.
Williams pulls out of first ministers meeting, says Ottawa broke promise (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams has pulled out of the first ministers meeting, saying Ottawa is reneging on a promise to let his province keep all its resource royalties.
New Ole Miss coach says bad behavior in the past New Mississippi coach Ed Orgeron was charged with repeated domestic violence more than a decade ago when he was an assistant at Miami, according to records obtained Friday by The Associated Press.
Oil Falls to 3-Month Low on Mild Weather Oil prices fell more than a dollar to a three-month low on Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped demand in the heavy energy consuming US northeast.
Improved Ford guidance boosts markets, C\$ tumbles on weak &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets rose Friday morning, helped by improved profit guidance from Ford Motor Co., while indications of tame inflation and low interest rates sent the Canadian dollar tumbling.
Greece proved to be ideal host ATHENS - No question where to watch the sun set on these Olympics. It was here, on the white marble slab benches of Panathinaiko Stadium, just as the bobbing gaggle of rail-thin runners made their way from Marathon.
Update 1: SunTrust Fires 3 on Errors Causing Delay SunTrust Banks Inc. has fired its chief credit officer and two other employees because of errors that will delay third-quarter earnings and force the company to restate some financial results.
Is D B Down and Broken? Dave   Buster's has a lethargic quarter, but the calendar proves that the third quarters are always slow at D B.
India ; Criminal and killer Veerappan finally exterminated India News, Dharmapuri (Tamil Nadu), Oct 19 (IANS) Veerappan, India #39;s most wanted and most elusive brigand who murdered with impunity, was finally shot dead in his jungle hideout by elite commandos using some of the very tactics he employed for well over
Oracle Insists Bid for PeopleSoft Is Final as Deadline Approaches The chief financial officer of Oracle, Harry L. You, said that \$24 a share remained the company's ""best and final'' offer for PeopleSoft Inc. in what may be the last week of a 17-month hostile takeover fight.
Before the Bell: Knight Falls, Too Rises Knight Trading Group Inc. (NITE) shares fell more than 6 percent before the bell on Wednesday after the Nasdaq stock trader warned of a quarterly loss because of weak stock trading volume.
IRS Audits More of the Wealthy and Fewer Small Companies The Internal Revenue Service, in the midst of a crackdown on aggressive tax shelters, is auditing significantly more wealthy individuals and large companies, but is increasingly shying away from scrutinizing smaller businesses.
Bonds Wins MVP Award Despite Tainted Season  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds captured a record seventh MVP award on Monday,  providing a sparkling finish to a season tainted by doping  allegations.
SEC says it charges former NextCard execs of fraud The US Securities and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday it brought fraud and insider trading charges against former top executives of bankrupt credit card issuer NextCard Inc.
Baseball: Smoltz sizzles as Braves force deciding game HOUSTON, United States : JD Drew singled to drive in a run in the top of the ninth inning and lift the Atlanta Braves to a 6-5 win over Houston and force the Astros into a fifth and deciding game.
US declares genocide in Sudan afrol News, 9 September - US Secretary of State Colin Powell today made a statement saying his government had reached  quot;the conclusion that genocide has occurred and may still be occurring in Darfur.
Nigerian Govt. Seeks Injunction to Halt Strike  ABUJA (Reuters) - The Nigerian government sought a court  injunction on Wednesday to stop a three-day-old general strike  which has raised fears about oil supplies from the world's  seventh largest exporter.
NBA, NBRA Approve Collective Bargaining Agreement (Reuters) Reuters - The NBA has entered into a new\five-year collective bargaining agreement with the National\Basketball Referees Association (NBRA), thus eliminating the\possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming\season.
Pharmacies unite THE owner of the Soul Pattinson chemists chain yesterday said its purchase of the Priceline stores would be a win against the might of the big supermarkets.
New German Mobile Phone to Detect Bad Breath (Reuters) Reuters - A German telecommunications company said\on Tuesday it is developing the first mobile phone that will\alert users when their breath is bad or if they are giving off\offensive smells.
Intel lops Pentium 4 prices Intel dropped prices on a range of Pentium 4 processors by up to 35 percent on Sunday. The fastest version of the chip, the 3.6GHz Pentium 4 560, dropped by 35 percent from \$637 to \$417.
Lockout stalls NHL season The National Hockey League pulled the plug on the start of training camp Wednesday, threatening the entire 2004-05 professional hockey season.
Alcoa announces a profits warning US aluminium giant Alcoa warns its third quarter profits will fall below expectations, blaming restructuring costs, a fire and a strike.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Symantec Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYMC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SYMC.O&lt;/A&gt;,  a maker of security software, on Thursday said it would buy  storage software maker Veritas Software Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VRTS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;VRTS.O&lt;/A&gt; for  \$13.5 billion, creating the world's fourth-largest software  company.
P amp;O set to cut 1,200 jobs The shipping giant P amp;O, under increasing pressure from low-cost airlines and the Channel tunnel, today revealed plans to cut four ferry routes and slash its workforce by 1,200.
AMD alert on revenue SEMICONDUCTOR maker Advanced Micro Devices has warned its quarterly revenue will be lower than forecast, citing softness in sales of its memory chips used in cell phones and other devices.
Stocks Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Friday as  Wall Street pulled back after a big rally in the previous  session, with shares of computer maker Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt;  higher after reporting strong earnings late on Thursday.
Man accused of shooting at France's Chirac faces trial (AFP) AFP - A right-wing militant accused of shooting at French President Jacques Chirac during the Bastille Day parade in 2002 is to go on trial for attempted murder in Paris on Monday.
Men #39;s Singles : Interview with JUAN CARLOS FERRERO (ESP) Q. It #39;s a slow road back, isn #39;t it? You #39;ve had the illness and injury problems earlier in this year. Did you lose confidence or what? ...
Google doubles search index Google has doubled the number of Web pages it indexes from 4 billion to about 8 billion, according to a posting on the company #39;s Web site.
Citrix buys Net6 Server-based computing firm Citrix yesterday announced a deal to acquire SSL VPN vendor Net6 for approximately \$50m cash. The deal is expected to close by the end of the year.
Jet zooms into record books - at 7000mph A TINY unmanned jet has soared above the Pacific Ocean at nearly ten times the speed of sound - almost 7000mph - in a record-breaking demonstration of a radical new engine technology.
Liberia violence sparks daylight curfew MONROVIA, LIBERIA - The capital of Liberia is under curfew Friday following an outbreak of violence that reportedly left churches and a mosque in flames.
Home star Sete grabs provisional pole. Sete Gibernau still cannot hide his bitter disappointment at losing the world title to Valentino Rossi, but he managed a wry smile after leading the first qualifying session for the final MotoGP race of the season, the Valencia Grand Prix, in his Spanish
PM touts China-Canada trade as Chinese firm confirms interest in Alberta oil (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - One month before a trade mission to China, Prime Minister Paul Martin said Canada must do more business with the booming Asian giant, whose economy could soon surpass that of the world's economic engine, the United States.
IBM Wins Honeywell Deal, Eyes More (Reuters) Reuters - IBM has won a long-term contract from\Honeywell worth several hundred million dollars, its largest\military/aerospace engineering contract since IBM exited the\field a decade ago, it said on Monday.
Lawmakers focus on NK nuclear issue Lawmakers of the ruling and opposition parties yesterday pressed the government to come up with early countermeasures to end the current stalemate in inter-Korean relations and the standoff over North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program.
Gap Third-Quarter Earnings Tick Up 1 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing retailer Gap Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GPS.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday its quarterly earnings ticked up 1 percent,  buoyed by improved profit margins, but hemmed in by weakness at  its Old Navy and international Gap stores.
Tiger still burns the brightest LONDON - The dog might be man #39;s best friend, but the world #39;s favourite animal is the tiger, says an international survey. The great Asian cat, threatened with extinction in much of its range, beat the dog
Sony PC boasts 1,000 GB of storage TOKYO - Japan #39;s Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage -nough to record six TV channels for a week straight  - company said.
Microsoft plans tune-up of Media Center PC With the next generation of Media Center PCs, you #39;ll be able to have your TV and record it too. For the first time, Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center Edition is supporting multiple tuners, meaning that consumers
Kenya rape case body exhumed Forensic science experts in Kenya have exhumed the body of a pregnant teenage girl who allegedly died after being raped by British troops in a remote area of the country nine years ago.
Motorola to acquire MeshNetworks Motorola Inc. has agreed to buy MeshNetworks Inc., a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
Oil Rebounds on Winter Supply Worries Oil prices jumped from a four-month low on Wednesday as slow growth in US heating fuel inventories heightened fears for tight winter supplies.
Hubble Lifts Fog on Early Universe (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers have found what they believe to be several of the earliest star-forming galaxies, in a detailed analysis of Hubble Space Telescope images released earlier this year.
Tech Firms Urge Bush to Focus on Cybersecurity A cybersecurity advocacy group has called on President George Bush to focus more resources on computer issues and to elevate the top IT security position at the US Department of Homeland Security to the assistant secretary level.
Things that scare Sun's Schwartz Sun President Jonathan Schwartz has a pre-Halloween case of the creeps--and for good reason.
Al-Sadr accepts cleric #39;s plan to end Najaf uprising, aide says NAJAF, IRAQ - Militant leader Muqtada al-Sadr agreed on Thursday to a peace plan presented by Iraq #39;s most revered Shia cleric, who rode into Najaf hours earlier to try to end the bloody three-week uprising.
Oracle bid has wiggle room Two days after a PeopleSoft Inc. board member suggested the company may be willing to sell to Oracle Corp. for the right price, an Oracle director said his firm #39;s offer to buy its Pleasanton rival for \$21 per share may not be final.
Bucs on verge of finally dealing Kendall After trying for three years to escape catcher Jason Kendall #39;s contract, the Pirates finally have succeeded. The passing of physicals is all that stands in the way of the Pirates sending Kendall to the Oakland
Musharraf to meet Singh at the UN The leaders of India and Pakistan head to the US this week for talks with each other and with President Bush.
#39;Morgan wants four pillars #39; on reform agenda THE Federal Government #39;s control of both houses of parliament created a rare opportunity to overhaul the four pillars banking policy, Westpac chief executive David Morgan said yesterday.
Sammer returns to Dortmund with an in-form Stuttgart squad Stuttgart, Germany (Sports Network) - Matthias Sammer brings a resurgent Stuttgart club against Dortmund this weekend. Sammer has helped Stuttgart to second in the Bundesliga table with 17 points and no losses after seven matches.
Australian PM hints he will not be around for another election (AFP) AFP - Australia's re-elected Prime Minister John Howard has hinted he might step aside during his fourth term in office following his latest election win.
Dolphins #39; Feeley gets starting nod Feeley played well enough coming off the bench in the Dolphins #39; season-opening loss to earn a start this week at Cincinnati, coach Dave Wannstedt said Sunday.
Opec considers fresh output rise A meeting of the oil producers' group in Vienna will consider whether to boost output to rein in price rises, Saudi officials say.
Winning the big moments The final frontier has been conquered and Australia return home wondering about the location of their next great challenge. The only serious blemish came in the final Test when their susceptibility to fourth-innings chases was again exposed.
Troubled Intel places bet on a new breed of chip SAN FRANCISCO The president of Intel, Paul Otellini, outlined plans Tuesday for computer chips due next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games as he seeks to allay concerns about product delays.
Microsoft, Dell and Vintela aim to eat IBM #39;s lunch Microsoft is set to change the way that organisations handle upgrades. The company has teamed up with Dell and Vintela in an attempt to cut the people-hours that are spent on software support.
Yukos drawing up contingency plan The Russian oil giant Yukos said on Friday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset next month.
Legend of the Fall Nintendo #39;s press conferences at the Los Angeles Electronic Entertainment Expo have always been more raucous than those of its competitors.
SunGard will spin off disaster recovery unit OCTOBER 04, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Software and services vendor SunGard Data Systems Inc. today announced plans to split into two companies early next year, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit
Clijsters Says She'll Marry Hewitt in February  LONDON (Reuters) - Belgium's Kim Clijsters and Australian  Lleyton Hewitt, the golden couple of tennis, will marry next  February in Australia.
IBM Plans Web Meeting Service; Takes Aim at WebEx  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM plans to offer Web-conferencing as  a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach small and  medium-sized business customers while taking on more  established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
Major Gold Business Takeover 12/6/04- There #39;s a big deal in the gold-mining business. Goldcorp is buying its Canadian gold-mining competitor Wheaton River Minerals for about 2 billion dollars in stock.
Short Jump, Bad Handoff End Jones' Games (AP) AP - For Marion Jones, Sydney must seem far more than half a world away. Those Olympics were some dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile, winning five medals that turned her into an international superstar.
Dow, Nasdaq, S P 500 Drop 1 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks extended their losses on\Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley said quarterly\profit fell, casting doubt on corporate earnings growth, while\a brokerage downgrade on Cisco Systems Inc. hurt tech stocks.
For the Splendidly Dressed Man, Web Sites to Match About a half-dozen Web sites have emerged in the past few years to cater to interests of those immersed in the world of classical men's clothing.
Redskins #39; Arrington Likely Out for Two-to-Four Weeks Linebacker LaVar Arrington is likely to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery, according to Coach Joe Gibbs, and would be sidelined two-to-four weeks.
In Kashmir, Abuses Bruise Hopes At first, said Syed Rehman Mir, the policemen treated him with the deference he had come to expect as a senior government doctor in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir.
Kean Leaving Drew U., No N.J. Run Planned (AP) AP - The chairman of the Sept. 11 commission, former New Jersey Gov. Thomas H. Kean, will retire as president of Drew University in the spring, the school announced Thursday. Kean will have spent 15 years at the liberal arts school in Madison.
First European Craft Enters Lunar Orbit (Reuters) Reuters - The first European spacecraft sent to the\moon has entered lunar orbit, the European Space Agency (ESA)\said on Tuesday.
Bush Finished Campaign With Millions (AP) AP - President Bush's record campaign fund raising left him with millions of dollars to spare, allowing him to donate  #36;11 million to the Republican Party and even send a few checks to the White House Historical Association.
Powerball Jackpot Reaches \$127 Million UNITED STATES - (PRESS RELEASE) -- There were no Powerball jackpot winners Saturday but 649,059 players across the nation won a total of more than \$4.4 million in prizes in America #39;s Game.
Scientist: Early Humans Ran Wild Groundbreaking new research by Professor of Anthropology Daniel E. Lieberman 86 validates what Bruce Springsteen has been saying for yearshuman beings are, indeed, born to run.
VENUS NARROWLY AVOIDS UPSET Venus Williams barely kept alive her hopes of qualifying for next week #39;s WTA Tour Championships. Williams, seeded fifth, survived a third-set tiebreaker to outlast Yuilana Fedak of the Ukraine, 6-4 2-6 7-6
Stocks Rise; Siebel Boosts Tech Shares  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as oil  prices eased a little and Friday's start-of-quarter buying  spree continued into the new week.
Galloping  #39;Ghost #39; brightens Frankel #39;s view of Breeders #39; For Bobby Frankel, the melancholy prince of New York adrift in a strange place called Texas, the day was neither sunny nor gray. Bobby was neither in heaven nor hell, but in something akin to purgatory.
Palestinians Pour Out Grief Over Arafat's Death  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians streamed into  the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an  outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the  enduring symbol of their nationalist cause.
8 terror suspects, including alleged al-Qaida figure, charged in Britain LONDON (AP) - Eight suspects, including a man identified in the United States as a senior al-Qaida figure, appeared in court under heavy guard Wednesday as police investigated an alleged plot to commit murder and cause mayhem with chemicals, radioactive ...
No longer feared by rivals, Serena just sheep in wolf #39;s clothing MUCH of the New York mentality these days is governed by what is said on late-night television talk shows. So when one particular inquisitor asked Maria Sharapova to explain how she was able to dismantle such
Mobile Games Get Fancier, More Social (AP) AP - Who says ""Solitaire"" must be a lonely endeavor? Games tailored for cell phones are increasingly adding community-oriented elements, such as tournaments for top scores, head-to-head combat or chatting with other players.
U.S. and Europe Fail to Resolve Dispute on Aircraft Subsidies Trade officials failed to resolve their dispute over government subsidies to aircraft manufacturers, especially Airbus and Boeing.
Careful Where You Complain A Georgia couple launches a website to complain about the lousy job a company did putting siding on their house. The company sues, claiming defamation. The case may help clarify the limits of online free speech.
Europe's SAN avoidance strategy &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Do you want a SAN or a SANity check?
Is United Taking Aim at Retirees? The airline's plan to emerge from bankruptcy may include canceling its pension plans.
Space Tourism Faces Safety Regulations (AP) AP - Thrill seekers are plunking down six figures to ride rockets that haven't even been built yet, and a new airline called Virgin Galactic promises to be up and soaring in the next three years. Still, the budding space tourism faces a myriad of safety concerns  #151; in the sky and on the ground  #151; that must be resolved before any paying passenger takes off.
NYMEX Crude Hits Record \$46.76  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NYMEX crude oil futures &lt;CLc1&gt; hit a  new record of \$46.76 on Monday on worries about possible unrest  and disruption to oil supply as Venezuelans voted in a  referendum on whether to recall President Hugo Chavez.
White House Predicts Slower Growth in 2005 The Bush administration predicted on Friday that economic growth would slow to 3.5 percent from about 4 percent next year but still be strong enough to reduce unemployment slightly.
Afghans make arrests over kidnappings Afghan authorities have arrested three people and seized a car believed to have been used in the kidnapping of three foreigners, government and security sources say, but there was no word on the fate of the hostages.
UN man backs Darfur autonomy The UN's refugee chief says Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur to try to end continuing violence.
Wambach #39;s boot boosts US into semifinals Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals.
Davenport will decide on retirement, in due time All in due time, Lindsay Davenport will decide whether she wants to retire. Only right now is not that time.  quot;I swear, it #39;s so hard to answer that, quot; she said after limping off from a 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 loss to
Crude Oil Climbs on Expectations Fuel Inventories Will Decline Crude oil futures rose amid speculation that US inventories of heating oil, diesel and gasoline will continue to fall as demand exceeds refinery output.
Agassi rolls back the years Stockholm - Evergreen Andre Agassi continued his career-long stranglehold over fellow veteran Jonas Bjorkman on Thursday when he beat the Swede 6-3 6-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open.
Australia  amp; New Zealand Allen Lew, managing director of SingTel Optus Pty #39;s mobile unit, and Andy Reeves, chief technology officer at Vodafone Group Plc #39;s Australian unit, speak on a teleconference from Sydney
Charges over Sudan 'coup plot' Some 28 people are charged with trying to overthrow Sudan's President Bashir, reports say.
Sybase upgrades PowerBuilder, plots RFID move Sybase Inc. released a new version of its application development tool on Monday, called PowerBuilder 10, and outlined plans for an upgrade to its database software, Adaptive Server Enterprise, which will go into beta at the end of this month and is due for release next year.
Concerns on Cisco bid suppressed (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Six months before the San Jose-Cisco Systems controversy went public, Leon Nix knew the city risked violating its own rules by favoring the networking company's products in its new City Hall. But he feared speaking out, thinking his bosses might come after him.
Right Whales May Be Making a Comeback By MARY PEMBERTON     ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) -- North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare whales are making a comeback...
IBM Puts PC Unit Up for Sale - NY Times  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; has put its personal computing business up for sale in  a deal that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York  Times reported on Friday.
Young star salutes with ton on debut Aren #39;t we blessed to have so many young players breathing life into cricket just as soon as it comes a little predictable. It was about time the Australian selectors took the risk of giving Michael Clarke a baggy green cap.
Questions for the  #39;Comforter in Chief #39; How could I have forgotten that George W. was a compassionate conservative? He chose the moniker of a kinder, gentler Republican four years ago to distinguish himself from Newt Gingrich #39;s crowd.
Burma's prime minister is ousted BANGKOK, Thailand -- Burma's tough but pragmatic prime minister was removed from power yesterday by his hard-line army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and for democracy in the military-led Southeast Asian nation.
China Seeks to Soothe Markets on Rates  BEIJING (Reuters) - China sought Friday to soothe concerns  over a surprise interest rate rise, its first in nearly a  decade and one which is expected to kick off a series of  increases to cool growth in the world's seventh-biggest  economy.
Nuggets too quick for Heat Denver  This was Western Conference basketball, running, soaring and scoring, and the Denver Nuggets were the latest team from the West to remind the Heat it really isn #39;t suited for that kind of game.
BlackBerry Maker's Patent Suit Upheld  TORONTO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court upheld  a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device  maker Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RIM.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday, but struck  down part of the ruling and sent it back to a lower court for  further proceedings.
Russian call for Mars volunteers Scientists are selecting subjects to be locked in a self-sufficient capsule to test plans for a trip to Mars.
NCAA Game Summary - South Carolina At Clemson Clemson, SC -- Reggie Merriweather rushed for 125 yards and three touchdowns on 28 carries as the Clemson Tigers defeated the South Carolina Gamecocks, 29-7, in a non-conference affair at Clemson Memorial Stadium.
At least 33 killed, 70 wounded in Pakistan bombings (AFP) AFP - At least 33 people were killed and dozens others wounded when two bombs ripped through a congregation of Sunni Muslims in Pakistan's central city of Multan, police said.
Govt may slash duty on petrol, diesel New Delhi: The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) may consider slashing customs duty on petrol and diesel from 15 per cent to 10 per cent besides exempting kerosene and LPG from excise levy as part of efforts to spare consumers from the impact
Eisner to Step Down as Disney Chief in 2006 Michael D. Eisner told the board of directors Thursday that he plans to step down in two years.
Thailand: Muslim detainees to be freed Thai authorities will start on Saturday releasing most of the 1200 Muslim men detained last week after a protest which left 85 dead and outraged Muslims worldwide, the country #39;s prime minister has said.
Tenet: '05 Results Won't Exceed Breakeven  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tenet Healthcare Corp. on Monday said  fourth-quarter charges could exceed \$1 billion and it does not  expect 2005 operating results to exceed breakeven as the  hospital operator struggles with fewer patients and bad debt.
Genesis Crash Adds to NASA Post-Columbia Troubles (Reuters) Reuters - With NASA's broken Genesis capsule\stuck in the Utah desert and its shuttle assembly building\battered by a hurricane at Cape Canaveral, the U.S. space\agency defended its budget and mission on Wednesday.
Filmmaker Van Gogh Murdered Description: Theo van Gogh, is shot and stabbed to death Tuesday in Amsterdam. He had received death threats after the release of his film Submission, which is critical of the treatment of women under Islam.
Update 9: Crude Futures Hold Above \$50 A boost in US crude supplies and the end of American election uncertainties brought some calm to oil markets Thursday, with crude futures falling but still holding above the \$50 mark.
Olympics-Federer #39;s Games dream shattered ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer was bundled out of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday by unheralded Czech Tomas Berdych.
Iran Says Nuclear Freeze Talks Must Not Last Long  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran reiterated Tuesday it was only  prepared to keep its uranium enrichment activities frozen for a  few months and would not, as the EU and Washington want,  permanently mothball facilities which could make atomic bombs.
Motorola sinks TV dreams The firm scraps an alliance with Moxell to bring Motorola-branded plasma TVs, LCD TVs and monitors to North America and China.
Newspaper says Merck tried to protect Vioxx sales Merck  amp; Co. #39;s shares (MRK) fell 9.7 percent to the lowest price in almost nine years after the Wall Street Journal said yesterday the drugmaker tried for years to stop safety concerns from hurting sales of its Vioxx painkiller.
Report: Black may leave Hollinger Mogul Conrad Black is in negotiations that may culminate in his resignation from Hollinger Inc., according to a published report Thursday.
Nextel and Verizon Settle Legal Disputes NEW YORK - Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless unexpectedly resolved a heated dispute Tuesday over a federal proposal to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response radios
Aer Lingus redundancy deadline this evening Employees at Aer Lingus have until 5pm this afternoon to accept a voluntary redundancy package aimed at slashing the airline #39;s staff numbers by a third.
India, Nepal Hold Talks Over Tackling Maoist Revolt Nepali Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba held talks with his Indian counterpart on Thursday to try to secure more help to crush an increasingly deadly Maoist revolt in the poor Himalayan nation.
Blue Jays beat D-Rays in last-place battle The Tampa Bay Devil Rays and Toronto Blue Jays are battling for last place in the AL East - and it showed Sunday. Vernon Wells homered in Toronto #39;s five-run third inning and the Blue Jays beat the Devil Rays 9-7 in an error-filled game.
Protests target nuclear shipment Protests continue in France in a bid to stop delivery of  weapons-grade plutonium from the US for recycling.
Code to exploit Windows graphics flaw now public Program showing how to use flaw in Windows' handling of graphics files hits the Net--back up your family photos and beware.
Annan: Iraq invasion violated UN charter The United States and its military allies on Thursday challenged UN Secretary General Kofi Annan #39;s statement that last year #39;s invasion of Iraq was an illegal act that violated
Agent says Caminiti had heart attack, died Ken Caminiti, the National League #39;s most valuable player in 1996 who later admitted using steroids during his major-league baseball career, died Sunday.
Bin Laden Alive, Releases Audio Tape -- Web Site An audio recording purportedly by Osama bin Laden, praising gunmen who carried out a Dec. 6 attack in Saudi Arabia, was posted on the Internet on Thursday, suggesting the al Qaeda leader is still alive.
Soaring fuel costs undermine industry #39;s cost-cutting programs The Air Transport Association says, due to cutbacks, industry labor expenses are about the same today as they were a decade ago -- at about 34 percent of total costs.
Housekeeper Advocates For Changes That #39;s the hardest part of cleaning a room at the Renaissance Mayflower hotel in downtown Washington, where she is a housekeeper, so she does it first.
Lebanon PM Resigns, Says Will Not Head New Govt.  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  resigned Wednesday after the pro-Syrian president's term was  extended under what lawmakers called pressure from Damascus.
Quadruple on the cards for wealthy Chelsea a 2-1 defeat to Benfica in the 2004 Portuguese Cup Final. That aside, his Porto team won everything they entered: two
Wiseman Dairies in talks to sell stake Scotland #39;s biggest dairy firm, Robert Wiseman Dairies RWD.L , says it is in talks with farmers #39; co-operative First Milk, which supplies Wiseman with milk, about buying a 15 percent stake in Wiseman.
Loaiza elicits boos Esteban Loaiza is pitching his way out of the New York Yankees' rotation. Jose Guillen and Jeff DaVanon homered off the newest target of booing at Yankee Stadium, and Loaiza failed to make it out of the fourth inning yesterday in the Angels' storm-interrupted 6-1 win over New York.
The Financial Times and Sony Ericsson launch mobile the Financial Times and Sony Ericsson announce a new mobile service that allows consumers to read up-to-date global business and financial news, comment and analysis from FT.
Colgate-Palmolive, Unilever warn of disappointments Two consumer products giants - Colgate-Palmolive (CL) and Unilever (UL) warned Monday of disappointing outlooks as consumer goods firms across the world struggle with a slowdown in spending by shoppers.
Reaching the limits of space inside the space station So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as
Scientists Say Risk of Water Wars Rising STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - The risk of wars being fought over water is rising because of explosive global population growth and widespread complacency, scientists said on Friday.
CARROLL #39;S COCK-UP ON A VERY GRAND SCALE WHEN he switches on the television on a Saturday night Sir Alex Ferguson must cringe at the sight of Peter Schmeichel in the pundit #39;s chair.
Top libraries to go online in deal with Google Students take note - endless journeys to the library could become a thing of the past thanks to a new multimillion-pound scheme to make classic texts available at the click of a mouse.
UPDATE 2-Rugby-Nine-try New Zealand cruise past Italy An experimental All Blacks side ran in nine tries to cruise to a 59-10 win over Italy at Rome #39;s Stadio Flaminio on Saturday. The home team were never in the contest after a torrid
Titanic Finder Fears for Future of Great Wreck (Reuters) Reuters - Undersea tourists and souvenir\hunters are hastening the decay of the Titanic, says U.S.\explorer Bob Ballard who discovered the world's most famous\shipwreck nearly 20 years ago.
Indians retrieve Himalayan bodies Mountaineers retrieve three bodies believed to have been buried for 22 years on an Indian glacier.
AS Roma needs success against Inter after disastrous start to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After sliding out of contention in the Champions League and opening its Serie A campaign with two defeats in four games, AS Roma and its new coach, Luigi Del Neri, desperately need points against archrival Inter Milan at Stadio Olimpico Sunday
Study: Spammers use e-mail ID to gain legitimacy Spammers are a key adopter of a technology meant, in part, to fight spam.
SCHUMACHER GRABS TOP SPOT Michael Schumacher returned to top spot in today #39;s first practice for the Italian Grand Prix at Monza. The Ferrari driver suffered a rare defeat two weeks ago in Belgium, although second place was enough to clinch a seventh world championship.
Elbow bend common in Test cricket: Murali Sri Lankan off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan says he is not the only bowler with a suspect action playing under the current International Cricket Council (ICC) regulations.
Cricket-Cricket Australia keeps fingers crossed over India TV &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MELBOURNE, Australia (AFP) - Cricket Australia said it is powerless to intervene in the wrangle over television rights for the much-awaited tour of India later this month.
Olympics Wrap: Another Doping Controversy Surfaces Olympic chiefs ordered Hungarian hammer gold medallist Adrian Annus Friday to submit another doping sample or risk losing his medal, while another of his compatriots was stripped of a medal for failing a test.
Microsoft said to nix PeopleSoft bid Microsoft #39;s chief executive has ruled out acting as the white knight for business software maker PeopleSoft, which is trying to fight off a hostile takeover from Oracle, a newspaper reported Monday.
For Pirates #39; Williams, Wait Ends Pirates 2, Brewers 0 PITTSBURGH, Sept. 7 -- Dave Williams pitched 6 1/3 shutout innings for his first victory in nearly three seasons and Jason Bay homered, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Milwaukee Brewers, 2-0, on Tuesday night.
Gaudio no match as regal Federer reigns Roger Federer #39;s luminous talent can lighten up the gloomiest of days, and so it was on a decidedly dark and dreary opening to the Masters Cup that the Swiss world No1, who was unbeaten when he won the title here last year, shone brightly as ever with a 6-1
US jobs growth weaker than expected US businesses added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in September, the government has reported, a weaker-than-expected total that is expected to sharpen a presidential debate later in the day over the economy #39;s direction.
USC #39;s Leinart gets opportunity to influence Heisman voters Carson Palmer kept throwing and throwing, and by the time he was finished with Notre Dame two years ago, Southern California had a one-sided victory and the quarterback had locked up the Heisman Trophy.
Capgemini plans 500 more jobs in India by April Indian subsidiary has grown from around 300 staff early last year to about 2,000 today, and serves over 100 customers around the world.
Spain Arrests 8th Person in Suspected Bomb Plot Spanish police Tuesday arrested an eighth suspected member of a radical Islamic cell believed to be plotting an attack on the High Court in Madrid.
Nintendo seeks to dominate portable game market with new console (AFP) AFP - Japanese video game giant Nintendo said it will seek to retain its dominance of the portable game market with the launch of wireless Nintendo DS, a hand-held double-screen console.
US rejects key part of Geico case against Google A federal judge on Wednesday dismissed a key element of insurer Geico #39;s trademark infringement case against online search engine Google.
As Hong Kong Prepares for Election As Hong Kong wraps up a hotly contested legislative campaign, China #39;s presence looms large amid charges it marred the contest with dirty tricks while at the same time trying to woo voters with a charm offensive.
Insurers Object to a Major Part of Medicare Law Private insurers have told the Bush administration that they will not expand their role in Medicare if they have to serve large multistate regions.
Chunghwa Telecom earnings ahead of forecast (AFP) AFP - Taiwan's leading telecom operator, Chunghwa Telecom, said it had a net profit of 43.45 billion Taiwan dollars (1.32 billion US) in the 10 months to October or 4.0 percent ahead of its full year target of 41.58 billion dollars.
Young gun Schwartzel wins the Alfred Dunhill as Els and others &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; South Africa #39;s 20-year-old Charl Schwartzel captured the Alfred Dunhill Championship on Sunday for his first European Tour title, recovering from a poor finish in regulation to win the first playoff hole against England #39;s
Yahoo Builds New Mobile Portal Yahoo! has announced the debut of a new suite of search services for mobile users at the CTIA conference. This new search offering enables mobile consumers to search for local information, images and Web resources on mobile devices.
Three Beheaded Bodies Found in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 15, 2004 - Security forces discovered three beheaded bodies Wednesday on a road north of Baghdad, and a car bomb exploded in a town south of the capital, killing two people amid a surge
Everton spirit earns a point A CENTURY REACHED IN THE style of Michael Atherton; cussed, scruffy, with a minimum of graceful shots, blessed by good fortune, bloody-minded and bloody impressive.
Disappointed Mourinho Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was disappointed with the 2-2 draw against Arsenal, despite seeing his side twice come from behind.  quot;If youd told me before it would be a draw, I would have said its not a bad result, quot; said Mourinho.
Work cut out for Australia and Indonesia John Howard ensured his control over Australian politics for the next four years on Oct. 9 when he swept to an impressive fourth term as prime minister and his Liberal Party
Davenport #39;s default title AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won the Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany yesterday after world No1 Amelie Mauresmo retired injured at the end of the first set.
Iraq's Allawi Gives Go-Ahead for Falluja Offensive  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi  publicly authorized U.S. and Iraqi forces to attack rebels in  the cities of Falluja and Ramadi, and imposed a curfew that  would begin after dusk on Monday.
Gene-Modified Grass Spreads Far, U.S. Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - Genetically engineered grass\developed for use on golf courses can spread its modified genes\for miles, carried by ultra-light pollen particles, U.S.\government researchers said on Tuesday.
Baldini joins legends of Marathon They followed in the footsteps of Pheidippides and Spiridon Louis on the road from Marathon to Athens last night and by the time they reached the magnificent marble-stepped Panathinaiko Stadium
Rwanda assurance over Congo force Rwanda #39;s president has assured the African Union that Rwandan military action in DR Congo will target Hutu rebels and not Congolese forces.
McGrath keeps up the pressure New Zealand were clinging on for dear life at 149 for five as play came to a close at the Adelaide Oval on the fourth evening. Their main hope was rain, for the fifth-day forecast
Els suffers home course humbling Tournament favourite Ernie Els endured a nightmare run on the back nine on Friday to slide down the leaderboard at the Dunhill Championship.
Pakistan denies CIA has set up bases on its soil in hunt for Osama &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistan on Monday denied a newspaper report that the CIA has set up covert bases in the country #39;s remote tribal regions to hunt for Osama bin Laden and stop him from plotting another attack on the United States.
U.N. Anti-Terror Head Wants More Intelligence Sharing (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N.'s counterterrorism body said\Wednesday countries may be reluctant to show it all their\intelligence but that was the only way the United Nations could\help prevent future terror attacks.
UT reigns on NIU For the 11th straight time, the University of Toledo defeated Northern Illinois, and this time it is was a Northern Illinois team that had been unbeaten in the Mid-American Conference and seemingly headed for its first appearance in the league
Japan Shocked, Perplexed Over Iraq Hostage (AP) AP - Shosei Koda did not go to Iraq to distribute aid, reconstruct the country or strike it rich in the oil business. He was not connected with Japan's government or its armed forces.
Paradorn powers through to Federer test Thai tennis ace Paradorn Srichaphan lined up a high-profile career-first clash with formidable Roger Federer as he hammered home a 6-2, 7-5 defeat of Dutchman Dennis van Scheppingen at the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Friday.
Species-Threatening Snails Found in Colo. (AP) AP - Tough and tiny snails that threaten to crowd out native species by hogging all the food have shown up in a Colorado creek for the first time, state wildlife biologists said Tuesday.
Abercrombie   Fitch Posts Fall in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Youth-oriented retailer Abercrombie    Fitch Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ANF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ANF.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted an unexpected fall in  quarterly profit as it struggles to boost sales, and said it  remained cautious for the rest of the year.
WADA Sanctions \$1.47 Million Rise in Expenditure The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) has approved a \$1.47 million increase in its expenditure budget for next year. The rise will lift WADA #39;s budget to \$21.7 million, the Montreal-based
Ore plan closer to fruition ANDREW Forrest #39;s dream of becoming a third iron ore force in the Pilbara moved a step closer yesterday. The Fortescue Metals chief executive last night announced the signing of three Chinese contracts supporting
Math Whiz Breaks Calculation Record (AP) AP - A 38-year-old with degrees in psychology, education and computer science needed only 11.8 seconds to calculate the 13th root of a 100-digit number in his head, setting a new record, organizers said.
Khan crushes Stilianov British boxer Amir Khan outpoints European champion Dimitar Stilianov in style.
Irish eyes look to Louisville Notre Dame #39;s search for a football coach appears to have turned from Utah eastward toward Kentucky, where sources familiar with the process said the Irish
Some shareholders accept, others reject Oracle bid SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- PeopleSoft #39;s board could be the target of another shareholder lawsuit over the anti-takeover measures it adopted to fend off a hostile bid from rival Oracle, according to a lawyer representing a group of PeopleSoft shareholders.
Cisco Systems to acquire P-Cube Cisco Systems Inc. of San Jose, Calif., Monday acquired privately held P-Cube Inc. of Sunnyvale, Calif. P-Cube develops service control platforms, which help service providers
Spurred by Illness, Indonesians Lash Out at U.S. Mining Giant Newmont Mining Corporation, the world's biggest gold producer, has been trailed by allegations of pollution.
Sachin In Squad For First Two Tests Bangalore, Oct. 1 (NNN): Despite the ongoing concerns about an elbow injury, countrys master-blaster Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar was included on Friday in the 15-member Indian squad for the first two cricket
Sybase partners with IBM Sybase has just announced a partnership with IBM to market the former #39;s database on the latter #39;s hardware. If that doesn #39;t make you sit up and take notice then nothing will.
Amazon.com Web Site Resumes Operations (AP) AP - Amazon.com said that its Web site experienced slowdowns for much of the day Monday but was running normally by evening.
Stardust memories Who would have thought that stardust, the stuff of fairy tales and popular songs, could actually be collected on metal plates. It sounds funny, but this is no laughing matter.
AMD sees slightly lower sales for Q3 SAN FRANCISCO - Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) expects to report slightly lower-than-expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on Thursday, the company said in a release Monday.
Conoco Phillips buys 7.6 in Lukoil for \$2 bn Front-runner Conoco Phillips today won the auction for 7.6 per cent of Russian oil and gas group Lukoil, bidding some \$2 billion, in a deal that also takes the US group into a joint venture to exploit the Timan-Pechora area of Russia.
Watchdog takes on rogue diallers Eleven firms are barred as part of action against scams which left dial-up net users with big bills.
Wal-Mart improves image by donating new research center in China The US retail giant Wal-Mart investedone million US dollars to establish China #39;s first retail research center at Beijing #39;s prestigious Tsinghua University.
Pirates Release Pitcher Nelson Figueroa (AP) AP - The Pirates unconditionally released right-handed pitcher Nelson Figueroa on Tuesday.
No Svet: Tomescu-Dita coasts to marathon win But even she didn #39;t believe it as she looked over her shoulder five times in the last 600 meters at Sunday #39;s LaSalle Bank Chicago Marathon.
Web Site Shows New York Drug Prices New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who has sued many big-name drug makers for bilking the government with their drug prices, on Tuesday unveiled a Web site that allows consumers to compare prices at pharmacies in the state.
Earnhardt fined for checkered language Dale Earnhardt Jr. cursed on a nationally televised NASCAR broadcast on Sunday, and it cost him the lead in a close race for the Nextel Cup drivers championship.
Kerr frustrated at victory margin Republic of Ireland manager Brian Kerr admitted he was frustrated his side did not score more than one goal in their friendly win over Croatia.
India farmers may be Africa bound The government of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh considers plans to send farmers to East Africa.
Blast rips through Pakistan mosque killing 22 At least 22 people have been killed and dozens more injured in what police say was a suicide attack at a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in eastern Pakistan.
Ex-Exron exec to pay \$1.49M to settle charges While criminal trials await other former Enron Corp. executives, the Houston-based company #39;s former director of investor relations has agreed to pay \$1.
RUUD SCORES Sparta defender Jiri Homola has admitted his ability to not see a man dressed in red standing 6 #39; 2 quot; in height cost his team dear on Wednesday night.
Willis Hires Top Marsh Exec, Stock Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurance broker Willis Group Holdings  Ltd. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WSH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WSH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it hired a top executive from  embattled rival Marsh   McLennan Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Scientist says numeracy theories don #39;t add up Language moulds our thoughts so much that we cannot conceptualise ideas for which we do not have words, according to an American researcher.
No agreement on missile test draft ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India failed to agree on the text of the draft agreement on advance notification of missile tests as the expert-level meetings on nuclear CBMs concluded here on Wednesday.
When the Northern Lights Moved South Our atmosphere is home to many stunning optical phenomena; rainbows, lightning and fiery red sunsets to name but a few. For many, the Northern Lights, or Aurora Borealis
Starters strike it rich As general managers stampeded toward the airport, and Pedro Martinez reflected on the beauties of Flushing Meadow, another edition of baseball #39;s winter meetings ended Monday.
Packers Lose Shootout with Colts It is well known that Brett Favre doesn #39;t have a good record in domes. But only looking at his performance at Indy on Sunday, one would think that the Packers would have won the game.
Sudan signs key peace deals with rebels as Darfur crisis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUDAN and its rebel enemies yesterday signed two  quot;landmark quot; peace deals to try to bring stability to the region of Darfur amid United Nations warnings that the humanitarian situation was getting worse.
Microsoft lures NetWare users with migration tools, support US software maker Microsoft has announced the availability of a combination of tools, prescriptive guidance, training and technical support for customers that are considering migrating from Novell NetWare to Microsoft Windows Server 2003.
Microsoft details conflicts in new XP update Microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 applications -- including developer and backup tools, antivirus software and an FTP client -- that may not work correctly after installing Service Pack 2 for Windows XP.
American Hamm Claims Men's Gymnastics All-Round Crown  ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm etched his name into the  record books as he became the first American man to win the  Olympic gymnastics all-round crown Wednesday.
Yankees #39; Sheffield to undergo shoulder surgery BRONX, NY (Ticker) -- New York Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield, who finished second in voting for the American League Most Valuable Player, will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left shoulder Tuesday.
Defending Harsh Sentences for Spammers BMcWilliams writes  quot;Russell McGuire, one of the government lawyers who prosecuted spammer Jeremy Jaynes, has published an article justifying the tough sentence recommended by a Virginia jury.
Milking the World Series of Poker Owning the World Series of Poker has been a major competitive score for Harrah's.
Sadler #39;s 1st, but others enjoy Pop Secret win FONTANA, Calif. - Elliott Sadler collared the biggest prize, a tidy \$279,398 winner #39;s check for capturing the Pop Secret 500 on Sunday at California Speedway.
American, several others kidnapped BAGHDAD - An American civilian, a Nepalese man and at least two Arabs were abducted Monday by a band of gunmen who stormed a Baghdad home with a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and a machine gun mounted atop a pickup truck.
CBC terms show from Athens a success #39; Despite a post-Perdita hangover and a 16 per cent drop in prime-time TV ratings from the last Olympics, CBC is claiming victory at the Athens Games.
14 people hurt in bomb blast at Turkish concert ISTANBUL - A bomb placed under a Turkish police car exploded on Sunday, wounding 14 people at a concert venue in southern Turkey, state-run Anatolian news agency reported.
New ALH bid tipped AFTER almost three months of inaction, investors are betting Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality is finally in play after private equity group Newbridge trumped rival bidder Bruandwo #39;s offer.
France #39;s Industrial Power Trip In so many ways, French politician and presidential aspirant Nicolas Sarkozy is a breath of fresh air in French and European politics.
Roddick to lead US Davis Cup squad Andy Roddick, along with Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish and the doubles pair of twins Bob and Mike Bryan will make up the US team to compete with Belarus in the Davis Cup, reported CRIENGLISH.
US, EU to stick to textile quota phase-out deadline #39; THE US and the EU are not backing the move by some least developed countries (LDCs) to stall the abolition of apparels #39; export quota regime slated for January 1, next year.
OPEC Boosts Nigeria #39;s Oil Revenue By .82m Bpd THE Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is hiking its official output by one million barrels per day effective November with Nigeria getting 82,000 barrels per day or 8.2 per cent of the new quota.
PeopleSoft, RIM partner to deliver sales application (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Research in Motion (RIM), the company that first pushed e-mail over wireless, is teaming up with PeopleSoft to offer corporate users PeopleSoft Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry, a sales application with similar push technology.
Gunfire erupts in Haiti, Powell  amp; entourage safe WASHINGTON - Gunfire erupted outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace in Port-au-Prince on Wednesday as US Secretary of State Colin Powell met with senior Haitian officials, CNN reported.
Britain Blocks Drug Firm From Supplying Flu Vaccine The company that makes half the flu vaccine used in the U.S. was suspended for manufacturing problems.
Drug withdrawal gives Merck palpitations By Rosie Murray-West, City Correspondent (Filed: 01/10/2004). US pharmaceutical giant Merck lost about a quarter of its value yesterday after it pulled arthritis drug Vioxx owing to concerns over heart attacks as a side-effect.
Myanmar pledges to continue  quot;roadmap to democracy quot;: report YANGON : Myanmar has pledged to adhere to its  quot;roadmap to democracy, quot; media reported, despite the sacking and arrest of the nation #39;s former premier who was seen as the key architect of the plan.
Russian showdown Russian duo Svetlana Kuznetsova and Nadia Petrova have extended their hot US Open form to set up a semi-final showdown at the Wismilak WTA tournament in Bali.
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain US jobless claims rose unexpectedly last week in more worrying news for the labor market, government data showed on Thursday, while other indicators offered more positive signals for the economy.
Auburn #39;s running backs trample biteless Bulldogs He rolled to his right, bought as much time as possible and made the sort of touchdown pass that any veteran quarterback would envy.
US Stocks Lower After Jobless Claims Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Thursday,  with investors taking a breather after Wednesday's rally amid  lackluster monthly sales figures from retailers and  higher-than-expected jobless claims.
PeopleSoft customers, employees weigh deal Oracle may be celebrating its long-awaited union with PeopleSoft, but a day after the landmark deal not everyone is happy. Among the people likely to be looking at the \$10.3 billion merger with some trepidation
EBay at a Crossroads: Can Buy Now' Share Space With Bid Now'? Many sellers and a few longtime analysts of eBay say the company is generating fewer of the bidding frenzies that once translated into profits.
Merck sets up new Vioxx review Drugmaker Merck has set up an independent committee to review the firm #39;s actions prior to the withdrawal of its painkiller Vioxx from the market in September.
O2, NTT DoCoMo sign I-mode agreement European mobile operator Mmo2 and Japanese mobile operator NTT DoCoMo have signed a long-term agreement under which O2 is to launch the I-mode mobile internet service in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Update 1: Defense Begins Case in Enron Barge Trial Unwritten assurances from Enron Corp. to keep trying to sell Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. #39;s \$7 million interest in three power-generating barges wasn #39;ta  quot;legal impediment quot; to making that investment, an in-house lawyer for the brokerage testified Monday.
Barrett gets life sentence for Finucane murder Loyalist killer Ken Barrett has been sentenced to 22 years in jail for the murder of Catholic solicitor Pat Finucane at his north Belfast home in February 1989.
Kerney Big Reason for Falcons' 4-0 Start (AP) AP - Patrick Kerney had rather modest expectations when he went off to college.
Insight Bowl hoping for Notre Dame LOS ANGELES - Notre Dame #39;s 41-10 loss to Southern California Saturday night all but clinched an Insight Bowl berth for the Fighting Irish.
China #39;s central bank raises interest rate The People #39;s Bank of China, China #39;s central bank, announced yesterday that it would raise both lending and deposit interest rates 0.27 percentage point as of today.
Taiwan, China Artists Breach Political Divide (Reuters) Reuters - In an abandoned Cold War bomb\shelter on Taiwan's frontline island of Quemoy, the music of\Bach and Beethoven jars with the boom and screech of a piano\being smashed to bits.
Jury rules 9/11 counts as two attacks for insurance purposes A federal jury Monday ruled in favor of World Trade Center (WTC) leaseholder Larry Silverstein inthe second phase of his insurance trial, deciding that the two hijacked planes
Browns #39; Warren Wants To Clock  #39;Big Ben #39; CLEVELAND -- Rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger could face some tough pressure when the Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns Sunday.
Court Deals Blow to Movie Studios  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies by ruling several Internet  file-sharing software companies are not liable for copyright  infringement.
Packers deal disgruntled CB McKenzie to Saints The Packers said they had acquired quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan, 25, and a second-round selection in the 2005 draft from the Saints in return for McKenzie, 28, and a future conditional draft choice.
NASA  #39;Scramjet #39; Beats Air Speed Record Again Researchers are working on scramjets as a low-cost alternative to rockets in weapons such as cruise missiles. Unlike rockets, scramjets do not need to carry their  quot;combuster quot; with them, potentially a huge savings in weight and cost.
BoSox OK Deal With Catcher Doug Mirabelli (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with backup catcher Doug Mirabelli, who would become the first of the World Series champions' 16 free agents to re-sign.
House Left to Wrestle With 9/11 Bill WASHINGTON - Senate passage of a bill to enact the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations now puts the focus on the House, where getting Republicans and Democrats to agree on the legislation may be more difficult...
Prosecutor Not Rushing Into Charging Pacers The Oakland County prosecutor, David Gorcyca, said Tuesday that no charges were imminent for Indiana players involved in the Nov. 19 brawl with Detroit Pistons fans.
Bush Says Debates Highlight His Record LAS VEGAS - President Bush said Thursday the trio of prime-time debates with Sen. John Kerry demonstrated he is running on his record - and his opponent away from his own - even as the Republican campaign acknowledged that Kerry had gained from the confrontations viewed by tens of millions of Americans...
Murtagh a stickler for success Northeastern field hockey coach Cheryl Murtagh doesn't want the glare of the spotlight that shines on her to detract from a team that has been the America East champion for the past three years and has been to the NCAA tournament 13 times.
Egypt FM to visit Israel, push for full Gaza pullout (AFP) AFP - Visiting Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit said he plans to travel next week to Israel and underscore the need for Israel's total pullout from Gaza.
Canadian Ansari X Prize Entrant Takes the Plunge in Test (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A Canadian team of rocketeers has moved one step closer to\launching its own manned spacecraft with the successful parachute drop test of a\crew capsule today.\\ nbsp;\\The backers of Canadian Arrow, a rocket entry in the  #36;10 million\Ansari X Prize competition, watched happily as their crew compartment drifted\down into Lake Ontario.\\ nbsp;\\Today totally proves our Canadian Arrow design, said\Geoff Sheerin, leader of the London, Ontario-based Arrows bid for the X Prize.\It went really well and everything worked as it should. ...
Earnhardt Jr. is high profile, for better or worse First, he won the 500-mile race at Talladega and grabbed the NASCAR Nextel Cup points lead. Two days later, he lost his points lead and \$10,000.
Big  #39;ead, big mouth, big talent It #39;s a sad reflection on the pace of modern life that many in football have already lost sight of Brian Clough #39;s achievements.
ABC withdraws from BCS negotiations ABC has pulled out of the television rights negotiations for the Bowl Championship Series, a source familiar with the talks said Friday.
Delta Aims to Cut Jobs 12, Drop a Hub and Reduce Pay Delta said it would cut 12 percent of its work force and that a bankruptcy filing was ""a real possibility.""
Patriots are leaders in high-tech field, too In August, 1.2 million users visited the Patriots' website, www.patriots.com. Chances are, those who returned to the team's Internet home this week noticed only minor cosmetic changes, not the complete overhaul that has been done behind the scenes over the past seven months.
Henry, Phelps on Record Track to Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Jodie Henry armed herself  with a world record while Michael Phelps targeted his fourth  Olympic gold medal backed by a Games record in qualifying for  Thursday's finals.
Europe cracks down on downloaders THE international record industry has escalated its fight against music piracy, announcing it will file hundreds of lawsuits across Europe against individuals and groups accused of illegally sharing music via the internet.
Game of the day: Cut! Red Sox streak ends The Red Sox lost for the first time in 11 games, falling to the Texas Rangers 8-6 yesterday and missing a chance to pull 1-1/2 games behind the New York Yankees in the AL East.
Jimmy Spencer, son arrested Nextel Cup Series driver Jimmy Spencer and his son were arrested Sunday night at he driver #39;s home in Cornelius, NC, according to a report in the Charlotte Observer.
Actually, they #39;re all in the chase The conspiracy theorists are already concocting potential plots. They speculate whether an out-of-contention driver would sabotage someone in the top 10, how teamwork might make an
Stocks End Higher, Lifted by Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Tuesday,  even as oil prices hit another record, as investors  were  encouraged by data showing an easing of inflationary pressure  and a sharp rebound in the housing market.
2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton from a house in the heart of the Iraqi capital Thursday, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said.    The three were seized from a two-story house surrounded by a wall in Baghdad's al-Mansour neighborhood at dawn, said Col...
Georgia Accuses Russia Of Air Space Violation Georgian Defense Minister Georgi Baramidze said in Tbilsi that a Russian aircraft crossed into the Georgian region of Shatili on 19 September, near the border with Chechnya.
Wheel Woes For Mars Rover (AP) PASADENA, Calif. (AP)  The Mars rover Spirit has developed a problem with one of its six wheels, but NASA officials said Tuesday they believe the robot geologist can continue working.
Earnhardt Jr. needs strong run at Kansas A: This one is - and that was true even before NASCAR officials told the series #39; most popular potty-mouth to go chomp on 25 points #39; worth of figurative Irish Spring.
Peete Completes Rally Rodney Peete found Walter Young for an 18-yard touchdown pass with 1:48 to play, rallying the Panthers past the Patriots, 20-17, Saturday.
Stocks Slip, Investors Wary Before Intel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Tuesday as  investors showed caution ahead of tech bellwether Intel Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; earnings, while disappointing results from State  Street Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;STT.N&lt;/A&gt; cast a cloud over the banking sector.
Israel Helicopter Fires Missiles at Gaza Refugee Camp  GAZA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter fired  three missiles at an unknown target in a Gaza refugee camp  Wednesday, Palestinian witnesses said, one day after militants  killed 16 Israelis in bus bombings in southern Israel.
Havana's Chinatown struggles  HAVANA -- At first glance, Havana's Chinatown seems a misnomer. Restaurants serve pizza, and actual Chinese are vastly outnumbered by tourists and Hispanics.
In spite of best efforts, firestorms could happen again --- and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NORTH COUNTY ---- For many, it was like waking from a bad dream ---- and then discovering it was not a nightmare, but real, and that it was just beginning.
Russia #39;s Parliament ratifies Kyoto MOSCOW - Russia #39;s upper house of Parliament on Wednesday ratified the Kyoto Protocol, sending it to President Vladimir Putin for the final stamp of approval.
Bonds #39; 700th home run ball: It #39;s going, going, gone for \$804,129 It was no ordinary baseball, but the baseball that Barry Bonds hit over the left-field fence last month at SBC Park in San Francisco for his 700th career homer and promptly was put on the online auction block.
A sample of things to come ATHENS -- The Games ended here last night with the last runner of the marathon making his way into Panathinaikos Stadium and the Olympic flame being doused a few hours later.
US Air Pilots Vote to Take 18 Pay Cuts Pilots at US Airways have voted in favor of giving \$300 million in annual wage and benefit concessions to the struggling airline, becoming the first major labor group to accept permanent
Hyatt to Buy AmeriSuites Hotel Chain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hyatt Corp. on Thursday said it agreed  to buy AmeriSuites, an upscale limited-service hotel chain that  it hopes will complement its full-service portfolio.
Hopkins takes wind out of De la Hoya Both Bernard Hopkins and Oscar de la Hoya, in the days leading up to their fight, had expressed hope that their respective careers might be defined by Saturday night #39;s events at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Man Buying Brewers Introduced Milwaukee - For the first time, the man who is expected to be the next owner of the Brewers met with the media. California investor Mark Attanasio assured fans that if the sale goes through, the team will definitely stay in Milwaukee.
Study: Linux Is Still Cheaper Than Windows (PC World) PC World - Cost of ownership savings range from 19 percent to 36 percent over three years.
Blue Chip Stocks Fall, Techs Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chip stocks were lower on  Friday after a profit warning from aluminum maker Alcoa Inc.   &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, but technology stocks edged higher after a judge  rejected a government bid to block a takeover of PeopleSoft  Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; by Oracle Corp.&lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;.
Court: U.S. Can Try to Execute Moussaoui WASHINGTON - An appeals court ruled Monday for a second time that the government can seek to execute Zacarias Moussaoui, the only U.S. defendant charged with a role in the al-Qaida conspiracy that led to the Sept...
#39;No free lunches in GE #39; Soon after announcing the \$500 million deal to divest 60 per cent in GE Capital International Services (Gecis) to General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Partners, Pramod Bhasin, President  amp; CEO, Gecis, spoke to Business Standard.
PeopleSoft's Board Rejects Oracle Bid (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors said it rejected Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid Saturday, continuing its staunch resistance a day after the company's own shareholders tendered more than 60 percent of stock to Oracle.
'Monday Night Football' Rankles FCC (AP) AP - The nation's chief media regulator expressed disappointment Wednesday over the steamy locker room opening to ABC's ""Monday Night Football"" broadcast.
Fannie Executives to Defend Accounting Practices In their first response to regulators #39; allegations that the company manipulated its books, executives of mortgage funding giant Fannie Mae plan to defend its accounting and say the actions
Sudan Questions WHO Darfur Deaths Figures  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan on Saturday questioned U.N.  estimates that up to 70,000 people had died from hunger and  disease in its remote Darfur region since a rebellion began 20  months ago.
Alcoa to shutter Ohio automotive components plant PITTSBURGH Alcoa said today it will take a seven (m) million dollar charge to close an automotive components plant in Ohio due to overcapacity.
Wind and Nuclear Power -- a Generation Gap? (Reuters) Reuters - In this north German town\a huge crane is helping to build the world's largest wind power\plant, a prototype for offshore wind farms from 2006.
Schuettler outclasses Baccanello to reach the second round of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Fourth seed Rainer Schuettler reached the second round of China Open here on Monday with a 6-4, 6-3 victory over unseeded Australian Paul Baccanello.
Nikkei Slips 0.8 Pct on Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average fell around 0.8  percent by mid-afternoon on Tuesday after industrial output  data sapped investor appetite for tech issues and profit-taking  hit recent gainers such as Nippon Steel Corp.
Dozens of Internet Crime Suspects Nabbed (AP) AP - A summer-long effort targeting Internet crime has resulted in dozens of arrests and convictions on charges including use of ""spam"" e-mail to steal credit card numbers, computer hacking and online fraud, Justice Department officials said Thursday.
Heskey left out of England squad, Cole back in England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has left Emile Heskey out of his 23-man squad for the World Cup Group Six qualifiers away to Austria in Vienna next Saturday and Poland in Chorzow four days later.
Israel, Europe Could Be on Collision Course-Report  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel could end up on a collision  course with the European Union and face sanctions like  apartheid-era South Africa unless the Israeli-Palestinian  conflict is resolved, a confidential government report warns.
Dubya UN-deterred A stern President Bush told the UN yesterday that his policies on Iraq are good for world peace, and scornfully attacked John Kerry for criticizing the war.
Nevada Ponders Superfund Status for Mine (AP) AP - Pressured by a ranking senator from Nevada and the Environmental Protection Agency, Gov. Kenny Guinn says he might reconsider his opposition to a federal Superfund cleanup declaration for a huge abandoned mine contaminated with toxic waste and uranium.
SS C Enters the Hedge Zone (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Financial services firms like Citigroup (NYSE: C - News), Bank of America (NYSE: BAC - News), and Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MWD - News) want to offer just about everything. To do this requires huge investments in Information Technologies (IT). That's good news for enterprise software companies that focus on the financial services industry, such as Advent Software, Inc. (Nasdaq: ADVS - News) and SunGard (NYSE: SDS - News).
Check 21 law may require habit changes The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, or Check 21, takes effect Oct. 28. It is supposed to make check processing faster and more efficient by allowing banks to replace your paper checks with legal substitute
UPDATE 1-Ottawa to sell off Petro-Canada stake The Canadian government will sell its 19 percent stake in oil producer and refiner Petro-Canada (PCA.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) in a public offering, the company said on Thursday.
Scoring leaders THE GIRLS Following are the leading scorers in EMass. Information is supplied by league representatives. PLAYER G A Pts 1. J. Vickers, Norwell 32 14 46 2. J. Leaverton, Feehan 26 13 39 3. B. Hogan, Bp. Feehan 26 12 38 3. J. Powers, Andover 24 14 38 5. M. Sheehan, Belmont 21 16 37 5. S. Leonard, Rockland 20 ...
Blair: Iraq Report Shows Sanction Problems (AP) AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Wednesday that a U.S. arms inspector's report on Iraq shows that United Nations sanctions against Saddam Hussein's regime were ""not working,"" insisting that it backed the U.S.-British decision to go to war.
Around The NBA Now that he has decided to stay with the New Jersey Nets, Rod Thorn must make a decision on whether all-star guard Jason Kidd should go.
Israeli Missile Kills One in Gaza Camp -- Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into  a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, killing  an elderly civilian man and wounding at least three people,  witnesses and medics said.
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Fall NEW YORK - A welcome slide in oil prices set off a relief rally on Wall Street Friday, with stocks posting a healthy advance as crude approached but then fell back from the \$50 a barrel mark. The major indexes all ended the week higher...
AIG Gets Wells Notice From SEC The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering a civil action against American International Group Inc. and its AIG Financial Products Corp.
FDA Approves Human RFID Tags The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently approved a radio frequency identification (RFID) microchip (VeriChip) that will be implanted in humans and used for medical purposes.
UConn, Pitt go their different ways The question seemed fair enough:  quot;Can you discuss the differences between coaching in a major-league city like Pittsburgh and a college town like Storrs, Conn.
Mobile Phone Users Double Since 2000  GENEVA (Reuters) - Mobile phone subscribers around the  globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year,  about one quarter of the world's population, the International  Telecommunication Union (ITU) said on Thursday.
J. Lewis Will Start Running back    Jamal Lewis  will start for the Baltimore Ravens today against the New York Giants, according to a Ravens official. Lewis has not played since spraining his ankle against the Dallas Cowboys on Nov. 21, but he resumed practicing this week. Baltimore (7-5), which is in the thick of the AFC wild-card race, is 6-2 with Lewis and 1-3 without him.
Hezbollah-Linked Network Ordered to Comply (AP) AP - France's highest administrative body on Friday ordered a Lebanese TV network linked to the anti-Israel group Hezbollah to adhere to broadcast regulations or face being banned from French airwaves.
Talented flunkeys unite against phishing &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Featuring rare praise for &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; hack
Israel invites bids for construction of 1,000 more homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (AP) - The Israeli government on Tuesday issued bids for 1,000 new homes in Jewish West Bank settlements, in a violation of an internationally backed peace plan, but insisted the construction has the tacit approval of one of the backers, the US ...
Oil Rises to Record for 6th Day on Shortfall Concern; Use Jumps Crude oil rose to a record for a sixth day, passing \$54 a barrel in New York, as concern about US supplies grew after the International Energy Agency said demand this year is rising faster than expected.
Nationally, it wasn't must-see TV The Patriots-Colts season opener Thursday night did a 26.8 rating (45 share) on Channel 5.
Airlines take a hit on fuel MONTREAL -- Despite a jump of 19 in world air traffic so far this year, airlines are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion US in 2004 due to high fuel costs, says the International Air Transport Association.
State Department Security Officer Killed (AP) AP - A State Department security officer was killed Sunday near Baghdad airport, U.S. officials said.
Hadash to petition AG over Gaza girl #39;s death Chief of General Staff Lt.- Gen. Moshe Ya #39;alon has decided there are no grounds to oust the Givati company commander who allegedly shot schoolgirl Iman al-Hams, 13, at close range and reportedly  quot;verified the kill quot; on October 5 near Rafah.
HK Plays Down Talk of Smear Campaign Ahead of Vote  HONG KONG (Reuters) - A survey two days before Hong Kong  legislative elections showed pro-democracy forces, tainted by a  sex scandal, may fare less well than expected, but the election  chief dismissed talk of dirty tricks by China.
Johnson fights off pain, grabs league lead in receptions Bee Staff Writers. SAN FRANCISCO - As Eric Johnson drove to the stadium Sunday morning, his bruised ribs were so sore, he wasn #39;t sure he #39;d be able to suit up for the game.
Gov bets video game ban can survive courts With five youngsters in the house, state Rep. Kevin Joyce (D-Chicago) already uses a blocking mechanism on his television to protect little eyes and ears from inappropriate material.
Aliens likely to send letters not e-mails! WASHINGTON: When extra terrestrials want to tell their fellow beings, back on their mother planets, what earthlings are like, chances are that they will be visiting the nearest post office rather than rushing to the neighbourhood phone booth, as a new
Alpharma Gets Court OK for Gabapentin Alpharma Inc. said Friday that a federal court dropped an order preventing the generic drug maker from launching its version of Pfizer Inc.
Boston sampler Citizens Energy boss Joe Kennedy, like his famous uncle Ted, opposes the huge wind farm proposal in Nantucket Sound, his backyard. But the ""Call Joe-4-Oil"" Kennedy is working hard to also become ""Joe-4-Wind"" elsewhere.
IBM supercomputer sets world speed record An IBM machine has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese computer that had caused shock waves at US government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
New Safety for Giants Is Tough on Himself For anyone who has watched the Giants' defense over the past few seasons, safety Brent Alexander's critique of his play in Sunday's victory seems laughable.
Convictions send stern warning to spammers Spammers will find that the money to be made by bombarding computers with junk e-mails is not worth the risk. A Virginia jury sent a sobering message last week to the unscrupulous purveyors of junk e-mail.
Karzai leads but 99 of votes to be counted With 99 percent of the votes still to be counted in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election, incumbent Hamid Karzai had taken a lead that many observers expect him to retain right to the end of a marathon count.
Australia defends law against terrorism JAKARTA: Australia defended a controversial maritime anti-terror plan on Friday after harsh words from neighbouring Indonesia that it breached international law and Jakartas sovereignty over its own waters.
EU gets tough on fusion reactor European research ministers state their intention to go it alone on a multi-billion euro nuclear project if arguments with international partners are not resolved soon.
NBA Commissioner Defends US Team Amid Criticism When Michael Jordan led the first NBA-studded  quot;Dream Team quot; into the Olympics in 1992, the hope was that their dazzling displays of basketball would inspire others to play better and bridge the gap with the Americans.
GlobalFlyer Aims To Go Voyager One Better LucidBeast writes  quot;We all remember Voyager, the first plane to fly around the world in 1986 on one tank of gas. Now Voyager pilot Steve Fossett plans to do it solo with a jet powered GlobalFlyer.
Kadyrov #39;s Birthday Celebrated Russian and Chechen officials commemorated the birthday of slain Chechen President Akhmad Kadyrov on Monday, six days before an election to replace him as leader of the republic.
Ford Drops Oracle-based Purchasing System Ford Motor Co. on Wednesday said it has scrapped a 5-year-old project to move suppliers over to an Internet-based purchasing system powered by Oracle Corp. software, deciding instead to revert back to its custom-built system.
Paisley to meet Blair as efforts continue to secure North deal Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley is due to meet British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London today as part of ongoing efforts to restore devolved government in the North.
Annan Sees Hope for Great Lakes Peace  DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - U.N Secretary General Kofi Annan  urged leaders of Africa's resource-rich but blood-soaked Great  Lakes region on Friday to implement a peace plan that could  herald a ""new era"" for millions of Africans.
Frances a Fast-Growing Hurricane, Far Out at Sea  MIAMI (Reuters) - Hurricane Frances was born in the  Atlantic Ocean on Thursday but the rapidly growing storm was  many days from threatening any populated area.
Another loss to BC crushes Notre Dame Its not surprising the Notre Dame players and coaches were using words like devastating, heartbreaking and unbelievable following Saturdays 24-23 home loss to Boston College.
Update 6: Voters Approve News Corp. Move to US Rupert Murdoch #39;s global media conglomerate News Corp. took another step away from its Australian roots Tuesday when shareholders approved a measure to shift its main share listing to the New York Stock Exchange
MP3 site settles for \$10 million with RIAA The Recording Industry Association of America has reached a \$10 million legal settlement with a Spanish company that briefly offered MP3s online for just pennies a song.
Battle for supremacy A coherent argument can usually be made in support of the view that the World Cup doesn #39;t really begin until the knock-out stages get going.
Penny Stocks from Heaven Sure, many penny stocks are bad. But some of them offer divine returns for the Foolish bargain hunter.
Bomb found near Berlusconi villa POLICE defused a bomb near Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia early today following a tip-off from a radical leftist group, shortly after a visit by British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Goodyear Sees Profit; Stock Up Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (GT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US tiremaker, on Friday said it would report a third-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss
Major Brokerages' Trades Investigated NEW YORK, Nov. 8 -- The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating whether more than a dozen big brokerage firms failed to execute certain trades at the best possible prices for individual investors, sources familiar with the probe said.
Shuttle space centre surveys hurricane damage All three remaining space shuttles weathered Hurricane Frances without apparent damage, after the cyclone weakened before hitting the Florida coast south of Cape Canaveral.
Oil: Reason Behind Coup Bid THE men exposed as plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea are the scum of the earth. Next time someone demands that the West should  quot;take over and sort out Africa quot;, remember this scandal and the real face of Western intervention it reveals.
China celebrates Deng centenary China is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of Deng Xiaoping, its late supreme leader. For most Chinese the diminutive figure was the man who set the country on a pragmatic reformist
African leaders launch peace talks as Ivory Coast evacuation &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Staring with tears in their eyes, Ivory Coast #39;s people emerged from their homes Thursday to survey the wreckage of five days of violent upheaval and stock up on food.
Rob White aims for a zero defect finish to the season The Viry technical director is aiming for perfect reliability through to the final race of the year. Beginning this weekend in Monza.
Life is more Baywatch than Balmoral for Prince of Waves STRIDING along a beach, surfboard tucked nonchalantly under his arm, the tall wetsuit-clad figure cuts quite a dash as he heads for the waves.
Russian ice queen is hurt in fall PITTSBURGH, Pennsylvania, -- Reigning world pairs champion Tatiana Totmianina was hospitalized after a head-first fall to the ice during a Skate America competition in Pittsburgh on Saturday.
Harland surges to bronze Georgina Harland comes from 14th place on the final run to win a bronze in the women's modern pentathlon.
U.N. Won't Help Iraqis With War Crimes Trials The United Nations has refused a U.S. request to assist Iraqi judges and prosecutors seeking to try former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein and his top lieutenants for war crimes, saying that a new Iraqi special tribunal  includes a death penalty provision opposed by the United Nations and fails to meet the minimum standards of justice.
Questions and answers about Trump #39;s bankruptcy filing The company that operates Donald J. Trump #39;s casinos has filed for bankruptcy protection, along with some related companies. Here are some questions and answers about what this means for Trump, his employees, gamblers and creditors:
Injured Gunners captain ruled out of trip to Panathinaikos PARIS: Ankle-victim Patrick Vieira will miss Arsenals Champions League trip to Panathinaikos today in a big blow to manager Arsene Wenger on the run-up to the Athens tie.
Redknapp #39;s final straw Claims that Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric fell out with former manager Harry Redknapp over the money paid to agents involved in transfers were denied yesterday by Jim Smith, Redknapp #39;s assistant.
Afghan kidnappers delay execution In Afghanistan, the militant group holding three UN workers, has extended the Wednesday night deadline, for their threatened execution.
Upgrades, HR costs squeeze British tech budgets A U.K. survey finds that little money is left over for new IT investment and that Linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
Twins left-hander had 13-0 record after all-star break An opponent could have a bat in his hands, and Johan Santana would nevertheless overpower him. Opponents could be fellow pitchers bringing impressive statistics to an award election, and Santana would whip them, too.
PalmOne unveils Tungsten T5 In a crowded corporate market where handhelds and handsets are fighting it out for supremacy, PalmOne will introduce a device this week it hopes will cut through the noise.
NCAA Game Summary - Fresno State At Washington Seattle, WA -- The Fresno State defense forced five turnovers, three of them being returned for touchdowns, as the Bulldogs defeated the Washington Huskies by a score of 35-16 in the season opener for both schools at Husky Stadium.
NASA Space Station On-Orbit Status 22 October 2004 All ISS systems continue to function nominally, except those noted previously or below. Day 7 of joint Exp.9/Exp.10 operations and last full day before 8S undocking.
NFL Fines Broncos' Lynch for Hit on Hall (AP) AP - The NFL fined Broncos safety John Lynch  #36;7,500 on Wednesday for a hit he made against Chiefs receiver Dante Hall in the season opener.
Military ousts Myanmar leader Myanmar #39;s prime minister was sacked Tuesday by his army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and for democracy in the military-led Southeast Asian nation.
Chip Stocks Still Rally Despite Warning Shares of semiconductor stocks continued to bounce back Friday despite another round of profit warnings from chip makers predicting third-quarter sales won #39;t live up to previous expectations.
Henman fights on after five-set slog His back was obviously sore, the windy conditions were not easy and his opponent was awkward in the extreme, but Tim Henman survived to fight another day.
FDA Chief to Meet with Top Lawmaker Regarding Vioxx US Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Acting Commissioner Lester Crawford on Friday agreed to meet with a top Republican lawmaker about the agency #39;s handling of safety concerns over Merck  amp; Co Inc.
CA Shareholders Reject Compensation Recovery Plan Executives urge patience as the company continues to review payments to executives who left in the wake of an accounting scandal. By Darrell Dunn.
Ask K5: Meeting locals when travelling While travelling I like to meet locals. In some countries this is easy, I look different and peole approach me. In other countries people are more reserved. What can I do in the latter case?
PeopleSoft, Oracle jury trial delayed SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The starting date of PeopleSoft #39;s billion dollar damages lawsuit against Oracle in a California state court has been pushed back to Jan. 10 from Nov. 1. Free!
Kendall thinks he #39;s a great fit for Oakland When Pittsburgh came to Oakland for an interleague series last summer, Billy Beane couldn #39;t believe Jason Kendall was the lone catcher on the Pirates #39; roster.
AMD sees slightly lower sales for Q3 Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) expects to report slightly lower-than-expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on Thursday, the company said in a release Monday.
Navy Plans to Buy Fewer Ships Squeezed by budget constraints, the Navy is proposing significant cuts in its shipbuilding program that could batter the struggling industry.
2004 reviews: Platforms InfoWorld reviews the year in operating systems, including the arrival of the v2.6 Linux kernel.
Bangladesh crumble Bangladesh slumped to 36 for five at tea on Sunday as India closed in on a victory which could yet be completed within three days.
First Look: Voice Rec Gets Better Dragon NaturallySpeaking 8 works well as a dictation tool, but its PC controls are still limited.
US scientists map genome of greenhouse gas-eating algae US scientists have unraveled the genetic map of a microscopic algae that absorbs huge amounts of greenhouse gases. These organisms are incredibly important in the global carbon cycle, said Virginia Armbrust
Indonesians go to the polls JAKARTA, Indonesia - Indonesians began voting on Monday in a landmark election expected to remove President Megawati Sukarnoputri and install an ex-general who has vowed firmer leadership in fighting terror and boosting the economy.
Journalist at centre of Kenteris row is stabbed A GREEK journalist, who has been giving evidence in the Konstantinos Kenteris Olympic doping scandal, was yesterday recovering in hospital in Athens after being stabbed and beaten up with iron bars.
Sikhs Gather to Celebrate 400-Year-Old Holy Book Thousands of Sikhs have gathered in the northern Indian city of Amritsar to mark the 400th anniversary of the installation there of Sikhism #39;s holiest book.
Polish Hostage Freed in Iraq Already in Warsaw (Reuters) Reuters - A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq by a\militant group since October has been freed and said on\Saturday her captors had treated her well.
Swiss slashes first-half net loss but fuel costs hamper turnaround (AFP) AFP - The airline Swiss said it had managed to cut its first-half net loss by about 90 percent but warned that spiralling fuel costs were hampering a turnaround despite increasing passenger travel.
NL Wrap: Sosa Belts Two Homers as Cubs Pound Pirates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sammy Sosa belted a pair of home runs,  including his first grand slam in more than two years, as the  Chicago Cubs pounded the Pittsburgh Pirates 13-5 in National  League at Wrigley Field on Wednesday.
Pentagon leaders faulted in prisoner abuse - officials A high-level panel investigating US military detention operations has concluded that top Pentagon officials and the military command in Iraq contributed to an environment in which detainees were abused at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, a defense official said
Offer gives Harmony 11 of Gold Fields World number six gold miner Harmony Gold on Monday announced that it had secured 10.8 percent of shares in world number four gold miner Gold Fields as a result of its early settlement offer, which closed at 12h00 on Friday.
From Baghdad A Wall Street Journal Reporter #39;s E-Mail to Friends Being a foreign correspondent in Baghdad these days is like being under virtual house arrest. Forget about the reasons that lured me to this job: a chance to see the world, explore the exotic
Motive gives single view of distributed apps An emerging trend in application management software is the capability to view distributed applications, deployed on many tiers, as a single entity. Putting the new approach to work, management software vendor Motive will launch three products to help manage distributed applications: Motive Profile, Motive Triage, and Motive Resolution.
All I Wanted Was a Pepsi Pepsi is ready to post earnings; let's hope it doesn't follow in Coke's footsteps.
Russian Town Mourns As Putin Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia Sept. 5, 2004 - Wails of mourning echoed through the streets of this southern Russian town on Sunday, and the region #39;s top police officer reportedly resigned in the wake of the school hostage
Pedro to Emerge From Schilling's Shadow (AP) AP - For all his Cy Young Awards, for all his October theatrics, Pedro Martinez has become almost an afterthought for the Boston Red Sox during this year's postseason surge.
Spam  #39;under control #39; in two years: Gates SPAM could become a thing of the past in around two years #39; time, Microsoft chairman Bill Gates said on a visit to Madrid.  quot;Spam is a major security problem, quot; Mr Gates said, noting that progress had been made in the fight against unsolicited mail.
Canon unveils new digital camera quartet Canon is today adding four new digital cameras to its range, including the launch of flagship professional and entry-level models in its PowerShot series.
High oil prices may slow US economy, won't cause recession: experts (AFP) AFP - The surge in crude-oil prices to 50 dollars a barrel is likely to hold back the US economy but probably not cause a recession, analysts say.
Spain's San Sebastian festival shows filmmaking still a man's world (AFP) AFP - Filmmaking is still largely a man's domain, if the offerings of the San Sebastian film festival in Spanish and similar events are anything to go by.
NCAA Game Summary - Colorado at Nebraska Lincoln, NE (Sports Network) - Bobby Purify ran for 130 yards with a touchdown and Joel Klatt threw for 222 yards with a score, as Colorado kept its Big 12 title hopes alive and sent Nebraska to its first losing season in 43 years with a 26-20 victory in
Ten dead in bomb blast TEN people, most of them youths, were killed and an unknown number were injured when a bomb went off overnight in a religious school in Afghanistan, the US military said today.
Hicks to be reunited with father ELEANOR HALL: After close to three years in US detention, Australian Guantanamo Bay detainee, David Hicks, will shortly be reunited with his father, Terry, whos on his way to Cuba to attend his son #39;s trial before a US military commission.
Groups Want Pensions to Divest From Sudan (AP) AP - Black activists and religious groups are pressing public pension funds to divest a purported  #36;91 billion in holdings of companies operating in oil-rich Sudan.
Blackburn give Hughes heart AN ADVERTISEMENT ON THE giant screen at Ewood Park declared that Blackburn Rovers are giving generously this season and, while it purported to refer to a sale at the club shop, no one could deny that their charity extends to the pitch.
BSE 'link to different CJD types' Eating BSE-infected meat could lead to people developing different types of CJD, research suggests.
Staley questionable vs. Philadelphia It appears Duce Staley won #39;t get a chance to run against his old teammates after all. Staley, the third-leading rusher in the AFC with 707 yards, has a hamstring injury
Netflix, TiVo Team Up on Broadband Movie Delivery Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
Loss Behind Them, Eagles Dominate Again (AP) AP - Donovan McNabb and Terrell Owens went back to describing touchdown patterns instead of explaining sideline confrontations.
Major IT Crash Hits UK Government Department A software upgrade caused some 40,000 computers to crash at the UK government #39;s Department for Work and Pensions last week. The crash of the Windows-based systems took most of the department #39;s computers offline for five working days.
Italy #39;s under-fire EU candidate denies single mothers slur ROME : Italy #39;s disputed nominee for the EU justice and security commissioner #39;s post denied having made new comments denigrating the role of women and said he was being victimized by the media.
Ageing time-tomb brings budget angst How #39;s your health? Feeling well? Expecting to live to a ripe old age? If the answers are yes, then economically speaking, you #39;re not helping.
Ukraine's presidential campaign, Part II: a cleaner run? A flood of foreign observers is expected for the Dec. 26 rerun of the presidential vote.
Mike Wallace subpoenaed Richard Scrushy once sat down to talk with ''60 Minutes"" correspondent Mike Wallace about allegations that Scrushy started a huge fraud while chief executive of rehabilitation giant HealthSouth Corp. Now, Scrushy wants Wallace to do the talking.
'Monday Night Football' to Use Air Delay (AP) AP - ""Monday Night Football"" will be broadcast on a five-second delay for the rest of the season, a reaction to the furor caused by last season's Super Bowl halftime show.
Leiter leaves Mets Al Leiter heard all the right things from the Florida Marlins. That was the reason he chose to move south and leave the New York Mets.
Seeing is believing with Red Sox Boston pitcher Pedro Martinez holds up the championship trophy after the Red Sox defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 in Game 4 to win the World Series on Wednesday in St.
Cubs Split Doubleheader With Marlins (AP) AP - The Cubs had only Monday available to play their makeup doubleheader against Florida, and as it turned out, the weather was great. But to Dusty Baker's dismay, David Weathers was pretty good, too. The journeyman right-hander, making his first start in six years, limited Chicago to two hits and one run in five innings, and the Marlins won the second game 5-2 to earn a split.
Health Highlights: Aug. 24, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----      Contaminated Fish in Many U.S. Lakes and Rivers      Fish that may be contaminated with dioxin, mercury, PCBs and pesticides are swimming in more than one-third of the United States' lakes and nearly one-quarter of its rivers, according to a list of advisories released by the Environmental Protection Agency...
AirTran: Regrets flight attendants #39; rejected labor pact SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- AirTran (AAI) said late Thursday it regrets that its flight attendants rejected an agreement negotiated by a private mediator last week.
Jo-Ann Stores Threading Water Sales are flat for the company, but the valuation still appears to be fair.
Reds 8, Cubs 3 Greg Maddux gave up three homers, including Adam Dunn #39;s 44th of the year, in an 8-3 loss to the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night that could cost the Cubs valuable ground in the NL wild-card race.
Now piracy curse strikes GTA: San Andreas Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has become the latest big name title to fall victim to the determined efforts of the piracy scene as the PS2 Rockstar opus leaked onto illegal download channels today.
Predicting a President: Slight Shift to Bush on Newspaper Sites' Electoral Maps (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK For the second day in a row, the Los Angeles Times and USA Today were the only newspaper sites to shift their electoral-college numbers in E P's exclusive tracking of seven major newspaper Web sites with electoral-college maps.
Political correctness gone mad The decision by the European Parliament #39;s Civil Liberties Committee to reject the nomination of Rocco Buttiglione as European Commissioner for Justice and Security over his comments on homosexuality and marriage is very unfortunate.
Regulator Says Fannie Mae Execs May Need to Go  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae's regulator told Congress  on Wednesday his office was considering seeking management  changes at the mortgage finance company after finding pervasive  accounting irregularities.
Microsoft Still Hopes to Settle With EU Even though its appeal is ongoing, the software giant hopes to make a deal.
Packers 34, Vikings 31 GREEN BAY, Wis. - Ben Steele repaid both the team that believed in him and the one that gave up on him. The tight end, snatched up by the Green Bay when he was cut by Minnesota in training camp, recovered
Union ratifies new BF Goodrich contract PITTSBURGH The United Steelworkers of America say about 34-hundred workers at BF Goodrich plants in Indiana and Alabama have approved a new contract.
Cassini probe #39;s first flyby of Titan reveals some surprises NASA scientists, looking at the first close-up images of Titan, were able to peer through the atmosphere of the Saturn moon enough to see a checkered landscape under surprisingly clear skies.
'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - id CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Xbox version of ""Doom 3,"" the  long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,  is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to  enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
Linux To Ring Up \$35 Billion By 2008 For a theoretically free operating system, Linux is -- and will continue to be -- a cash cow, a research firm said Wednesday as it predicted the OS will bring in more than \$35 billion in revenues by 2008.
AMD begins shipments of Oakville mobile chips Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) has begun shipping commercial versions of its Athlon 64 processors made using a 90-nanometer process, marking another step forward in the company's transition to the more advanced manufacturing technology.
Spaniard Jailed for 6 Years in Madrid Bomb Trial (Reuters) Reuters - A 16-year-old Spaniard was sentenced to\six years in a juvenile detention center on Tuesday after he\pleaded guilty to charges he helped steal and transport\dynamite used in the March 11 Madrid train bombings.
Indonesia supports OPEC leaving quotas unchanged : Indonesia will support the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) if it decides at its Dec. 10 meeting to leave its output quota unchanged, Iin Arifin Takhyan, Director General of Oil and Gas said.
Squirrel Runs Circles Around Yanks, Tribe (AP) AP - This squirrelly newcomer caused quite a stir at Jacobs Field. A brown squirrel ran onto the field in the bottom of the third inning Wednesday night and ran circles around the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians.
Oil Price Comes Close to \$50 but Then It Stages a Retreat il prices climbed nearer to \$50 a barrel yesterday before retreating, as traders reacted to reports on the conflict in Iraq, concerned that growing unrest might interrupt crude oil exports.
#39;Monday Night #39; flap gets FCC #39;s attention That steamy locker room opening to ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football quot; continued to draw reaction Wednesday, most of it negative.
Alpharma Sells Generic of Pfizer Drug Alpharma Inc. (ALO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday began selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc. #39;s (PFE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) epilepsy drug Neurontin
Indians to play for pride The fourth and final Test match between India and Australia begins in Mumbai on Wednesday. The Indians will be playing for some pride, while the Australians are hoping to sweep the series 3-0.
Court Finds RIM  Violated Patent; Case Continues A U.S. appeals court ruled Tuesday that Research In Motion, maker of the BlackBerry e-mail device, infringed on another company's patent  --  but sent the case back to a lower court for some of the claims to be reconsidered.
Bombing of Kazakh president #39;s office  #39;hooliganism #39; not  #39;terrorism #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Terrorism wasn #39;t involved in a pair of bomb blasts that rocked the pro-presidential party #39;s office in Kazakhstan #39;s commercial capital, police said Monday.
Crude oil prices fall amid optimism over US oil stockpiles Crude oil prices fell Tuesday astraders widely anticipated a continuing increase in US inventories of crude oil. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil futures for
Nine killed, 10 injured in blast in northern India At least nine workers were killed and 10 others injured Thursday in an explosion believed to have been triggered by some explosive materials brought as scrap in a steel factory in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.
Quincy takes charge The news yesterday that Quincy Carter would assume the Jets #39; starting quarterback job for the immediate future didn #39;t shake the Jets #39; locker room as much as you might think.
Ferguson ready to unleash Ruud Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is confident bringing Ruud van Nistelrooy back into the side will help his side triumph over Sparta Prague.
J amp;J in Guidant merger talks Johnson  amp; Johnson, the US medical and consumer goods group, is in advanced discussions to buy Guidant, a maker of medical devices, in a deal that could be worth about \$24bn (12bn).
Athletics as artistry From the Latin, the Olympic motto is:  quot;Faster. Higher. Stronger. quot; It says nothing about  quot;Beauty. Harmony. Emotion. quot; Yet those values, promoted by the International Gymnastics Federation, help explain the scandal
Plane Crashes Won't Hurt Putin In Chechen Vote   MOSCOW, Aug. 28 -- His government had just suffered one of Russia's worst terrorist attacks, apparently stemming from a war he has  neither won nor ended. Then he attempted what critics considered a clumsy coverup  before a key election.
Dutch Dioxin Scare Spreads to France and Spain (Reuters) Reuters - France and Spain were hit on Tuesday\by a dioxin contamination scare that has forced the closure of\almost 200 Dutch farms after the cancer-causing toxin was found\in animal feed.
Amsterdam Start-Up to Offer WiFi Internet Citywide (Reuters) Reuters - Amsterdam's Web surfers could soon be\liberated from their home computers and Internet cafes, with\plans by a start-up firm to make their city the first European\capital where laptops can hook up anywhere to the Web.
Small Vendors Issue Security Challenge To Large Competitors Four vendors of application security products have created an alliance to challenge the ability of large-scale vendors--such as Check Point Software Technologies, Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks
Wonder Bread lovers in Canada rejoice: Weston confirms support for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Weston Bakeries Ltd. has assured Canadian consumers of Wonder Bread that the product #39;s availability will not be affected by the financial woes of the company that bakes it in the United States.
National Semi Cuts Guidance High performance analog chipmaker National Semiconductor today lowered its revenue guidance for its fiscal Q2. The new guidance for the quarter calls for revenues to range from \$445 million to \$450 million
HP, Brocade hook up for integrated servers Hewlett-Packard on Thursday announced that it will integrate Brocade Communication's SAN switching capability into its HP BladeSystem architecture.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?"" width=""1"" height=""1"" border=""0""/&gt;&lt;a href=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714255;9651165;g?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730403idlp""&gt;SBC Datacomm White Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Find out how Crate   Barrel expects to save \$180,000 by moving to VoIP, compared to a traditional PBX.&lt;/p&gt;
UBS to Buy Julius Baer U.S. Business  ZURICH/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Swiss banking group UBS, the  world's largest wealth manager, said on Monday it had  strengthened its position in the United States by buying local  rival Julius Baer's U.S. wealth-management business.
India tests medium-range missile India successfully test-fires a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable missile, defence sources say.
Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers #39; Piracy Claims LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major movie studios and music companies, ruling that several online file-sharing software companies are not liable for ...
Turnover tax kicks in October one was awaited by the market with some apprehension. This is the day that the controversial securities turnover tax was to kick in, as was the lower capital gain tax regime and there have been fears of the markets tanking.
Nighttime, and Fevers Are Rising It is the body's internal chemicals and hormones that send diseases out to strut their stuff at night.
Barry Bonds Undergoes Knee Surgery San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds, 40, underwent knee surgery Tuesday and is expected to recover fully by spring training next year.
Edwards Caps Intense Push in Iowa (AP) AP - Capping an intense 10-day competition for Iowa's seven electoral votes, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards accused the Bush administration on Sunday of being captured by drug and insurance interests at the expense of working families.
Xerox reports 39 percent increase in third-quarter profits STAMFORD, Conn. -- Xerox Corp. reported Thursday that third-quarter profits increased 39 percent, citing strong sales of new products and demand for document services.
Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with  liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no  better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders  adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.
Wal-Mart Will Allow Unions in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's  biggest retailer, gave ground to Chinese pressure Tuesday and  said it would allow its workers to set up a trade union.
Israeli Hard-Liners Denounce Gaza Disengagement Plan A large number of prominent Israeli hard-liners are describing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to dismantle Jewish settlements in Gaza and a small portion of the West Bank as a  quot;crime against humanity.
A Hitch in Offering Online Prices Travel sites want to help you find a cheap trip. But is cost the only factor to consider?
Microsoft adds support to Unesco IT education plan Microsoft has added its support to the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (Unesco) to apply IT to education initiatives in developing countries.
O2 announces two new xda devices O2 has unveiled two new devices that aim to build on the success of the popular xda II handheld/mobile phone. O2 #39;s new xda IIs will be available in the UK and Ireland on 1 November at a cost of around 449 (inc.
Latin America Hard-Pressed on Poverty Goals - IADB  SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (Reuters) - Slow growth in Latin  American economies will hamper efforts to cut poverty in the  region in half by 2015, the Inter-American Development Bank  president said on Wednesday.
Iran Wants Right to Enrich Uranium Iran won #39;t permit its diplomats to negotiate with European nations over its nuclear program if the goal of talks is to deprive Iran of the right to enrich uranium, Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator said Monday.
EU Wants US Clarification on WTO Stance The EU trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson, has asked US officials for their stance on threatened World Trade Organization action over aid to Airbus.
Gurkhas say more should get British citizenship (Reuters) Reuters - Gurkha fighters from Nepal, who have been recruited by Britain for nearly 200 years, hailed on Friday a decision to allow some of them to become British citizens but called for the right to be extended to many more.
Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war\over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and\called for measures to curb such groups.
Dutchman held for 'Iraq genocide' Netherlands prosecutors plan to charge a Dutchman suspected of assisting genocide in Iraq in the 1980s.
BBC, Media Giants in Talks Over Worldwide Unit The BBC confirmed on Wednesday it had held talks with media companies including Time Warner, Bertelsmann and Walt Disney about its commercial subsidiary
Iraq #39;s top Shiite cleric tells followers to end fighting BAGHDAD, Iraq - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called today for his followers across Iraq to end fighting against US and Iraqi forces, an al-Sadr aide said.
Leading Vendors Back Competing Systems-Management Specifications The WS-Management spec is part of the effort to improve Sun-Microsoft system interoperability. But IBM is taking a different road.
ProQuest to buy Voyager Expanded Learning ANN ARBOR, Mich. ProQuest in Ann Arbor has agreed to buy Voyager Expanded Learning in a 360 (m) million dollar cash and stock deal.
Sorry, E.T., but Parcel Post May Beat Phoning Home A physicist and an electrical engineer claim it is more efficient to send a long message as a physical package, a cosmic FedEx, than as radio wave or laser pulse.
Iraq to dominate Labour conference Iraq and the fate of a British hostage are threatening to thwart Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s efforts to put domestic issues centre stage today as Chancellor Gordon
India #39;s celebrity outlaw killed India #39;s most wanted, most brutal and most celebrated bandit has been killed in a shoot-out with police after more than 30 years on the run.
Martha Stewart asks court to overturn  quot;fundamentally unfair quot; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Lawyers for Martha Stewart asked a federal appeals court to overturn her conviction for lying about a stock sale, arguing that her trial was  quot;fundamentally unfair quot; because prosecutors suggested she was accused of insider trading.
FA to test for EPO after Wenger #39;s drug fears LONDON - The Football Association announced yesterday that it will introduce a test for the banned drug erythropoietin (EPO)  #39;in the near future #39;.
Costco Target of Sex Bias Lawsuit SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Lawyers leading a record-setting sex discrimination case against Wal-Mart Stores said on Tuesday they filed a lawsuit against Costco Wholesale Corp. (COST.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , claiming the company kept women out of top ...
Chrysler Recalls 240,000 Minivans The recall involves the 2001 and 2002 model year Dodge Caravan and Chrysler Town and Country minivans. The automaker says the short circuit may result from water seeping into the radio.
US set to name Ryder Cup skipper Former Open champion Tom Lehman is favourite to lead the United States at the next Ryder Cup when the new captain is unveiled on Wednesday.
Longhorn Component to Spur Old-School Viruses? A planned component for Microsoft #39;s next version of Windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called Microsoft Shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and remotely
iTunes pricing unfair, says British consumer group British consumer watchdog group Consumers #39; Association, publishers of Which? magazines and books, on Wednesday announced that they #39;ve written to the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) alleging that Apple may be
Thanksgiving travel heavy, AAA predicts Thanksgiving travel this year will be heavier than it was in 2000, the first time that has happened post-9/11, according to the American Automobile Association.
Stocks Rise on Drop in Consumer Prices NEW YORK - Stocks rose for a second straight session Tuesday as a drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term. The Dow Jones industrial average pushed past the 10,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks...
Another son of Mondavi quits at the winemaker OAKVILLE, California A second Mondavi is loosening ties to the California winemaking company Robert Mondavi, which plans to divest its high-end wine assets.
N.Korea Says Reconsidering Place at Nuclear Talks (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea is seriously reconsidering\its role in talks on its nuclear plans because of what it sees\as a concerted campaign to topple the North's ruling system,\the North Korean Foreign Ministry said on Monday.
Two Marines, one soldier killed in Iraq Two Marines were killed in Iraq #39;s volatile Anbar province, the military said today. A military statement said two Marines assigned to the 1st Marine Expeditionary
Manning #39;s six TDs extend record pace COLTS 41, LIONS 9: The Colts quarterback throws four touchdowns in the first half to blow out the slumping Lions. By wire services.
AOL adds anti-spam features to version 9.0 AOL will be adding a host of new features designed to combat spam, virii and spyware to version 9.0 of its browser. The package, known as  #39;AOL 9.0 Security Edition #39; is a free download which was available from Thursday.
Loyal treatment Kyle Boller knew as soon as Baltimore traded two picks to the Patriots on draft day in 2003 that they wanted him to be The Man.  quot;Nothing is given to you, quot; he said, but it was clear that the Ravens, who'd been through eight quarterbacks in seven years, weren't bringing Boller in as a seasonal temp.
Vikings #39; McCombs openly lobbying for move -- or maybe he #39;ll cash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; His team has a 5-1 record, his franchise quarterback is having an MVP-type season and his fan base is energized by the prospect of a Super Bowl run.
Ruling today on televising Shaik trial DURBAN - Schabir Shaik #39;s corruption trial got off to a low-key start in the high court here yesterday, adjourning early after several hours of legal argument on an e.tv application to televise proceedings live.
Feds expected to ease Net phone rules Sources say FCC on Tuesday will further exempt Internet calls from state rules and taxes. But is cable a fly in the ointment?
Dollar Recovers Footing After Fed  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fought back from one-month  lows against the euro and Swiss franc on Wednesday as investors  viewed its sell-off in the wake of the Federal Reserve's  verdict on interest rates as overdone.
Iraqi Teens Abused at Abu Ghraib, Report Finds The investigation also acknowledges that military intelligence soldiers kept multiple detainees off the record books and hid them from international humanitarian organizations, officials said.
World #39;s Biggest Aerospace Company in Offing? Germany fueled mounting speculation over the future independence of French defense firm Thales on Monday, saying Thales and Airbus parent EADS would
UPDATE 1-WR Grace says grand jury indictment likely WR Grace  amp; Co. (GRA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it was likely to be indicted during the first quarter of 2005 by a federal grand jury investigating its former vermiculite
U.S. Stocks End Up, Ford Gives a Lift  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose on  Friday after Ford  Motor Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings forecasts, but Qualcomm  Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; limited advances on the Nasdaq after the wireless  technology provider said an accounting review may reduce its  pretax income and revenue.
Home Depot Writes Big Tickets Shoppers spend more, giving the company yet another quarter of sales growth and even better earnings.
Weak Job Data Won #39;t Deter Fed The sluggish pace of job growth in November hasn #39;t changed the odds for a quarter point interest rate hike later this month, but maybe it should.
Mac Malware Discovered ZDNet is reporting on a script-based threat that spies on Mac OS X users: The malware, which has been dubbed Opener by Mac user groups, has the potential to disable Mac OS X #39;s built-in firewall, steal personal information or destroy data.
Alpharma Launches Generic of Neurontin  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alpharma Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ALO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ALO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday began  selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; \$3  billion a year epilepsy drug Neurontin without waiting for a  court ruling on Pfizer's request to block the copycat medicine.
Phillies Interview Former Indians Manager (AP) AP - After spending two seasons as a special assistant and adviser with Philadelphia, Charlie Manuel saved his best recommendation for last: Hire him as the new manager of the Phillies.
Bradys timing perfect The first reaction to Tom Brady news #39;s performance against the Cardinals on Sunday was, Thank goodness the Patriots stats, news weren #39;t playing a real NFL team.
Typhoon Tokage takes Tokyo TOKYO -- Officials say 63 people are dead and more than two dozen missing after Typhoon Tokage ripped across Japan. One resident of a small Japanese island said his mother was buried alive by a mudslide, telling
Athletics Hold Ichiro in Check, Move Back Into First Ichiro Suzuki went home without the major league hits record, thanks to Oakland's determined pitching staff -- and a much bigger hit by Bobby Crosby.
FSA files criminal complaint against UFJ The Financial Services Agency filed a criminal complaint Thursday against UFJ Bank and three former bank executives for interfering in an inspection last autumn.
Azeri will run in Classic Trainer D. Wayne Lukas announced that former Horse of the Year Azeri will be entered in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic instead of the Distaff in Saturday #39;s World Thoroughbred Championships at Lone Star Park.
Stocks Lower as Oil Breaches \$51/Barrel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed mostly lower on  Tuesday as oil prices climbed to another record and economic  data showed slower-than-expected growth last month.
U.S. Chain Store Sales Rise in Oct 2 Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales rose in the\fifth week of September, with stores indicating that business\picked up toward the end of the week as temperatures in parts\of the country turned cooler, a report said on Tuesday.
Do You Take Cash, Credit or Chip? A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
Roma Form Reappears At Siena Francesco Totti scored a capping brace as crisis-stricken AS Roma got well with a 4-0 away rout of Siena. The Giallorossi built a quick 2-0 lead with Serie A top scorer Vincenzo Montella poaching a pair within 10 second half minutes.
UK rules out hostage negotiations Britain says it will not bargain with Iraqi militants holding a UK man, after he made a video plea to Tony Blair.
Chicago Bears Winning With Defense (AP) AP - Messages and cards came from all over, congratulating defensive end Michael Haynes on his rare touchdown. When Haynes stuck up his hand and deflected a pass to himself before rumbling 45 yards for a Chicago Bears score last week, he did more than point his team to victory at Tennessee.
GAME DAY RECAP Sunday, October 17 Beltran set a postseason record by homering for the fifth consecutive game, snapping a seventh-inning tie with a solo shot as the Houston Astros posted a 6-5 triumph over the St.
Giants falter at home against Lions They were home to Detroit this week, coming off a bye, and did nothing to improve on the record. Joey Harrington completed 18 of the 22 passes he threw.
Judge Dismisses Charges Vs. Bush Protester (AP) AP - A judge has dismissed charges against a war protester who was arrested during a visit by President Bush last spring.
Early sparring between Tito, Mayorga There were several moments during the Felix Trinidad/Ricardo Mayorga press conference at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday that it seemed possible there would be a deterioration
Ruiz, Golota Has Potential to Be Ugly In this photo released by DKP, boxing promoter Don King, center, poses in New York, Thursday, Nov. 11, 2004 with the eight heavyweight boxers that will do battle in New York City #39;s Madison Square Graden on Staurday, Nov. 13.
Sharon will press ahead with disengagement plan Despite opposition from settlers and his own Likud party, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is determined to press ahead with his disengagement plan, says Daniel Ayalon, Israel #39;s ambassador to the United States.
Angels pass Yankee test In a season filled with false starts and unfulfilled promise, the Angels know better than to get too excited at one weekend of achievement.
Patriots' Running Man Both Corey Dillon and the Patriots are quite happy with the offseason trade that brought the running back from Cincinnati to New England.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (PS2) - Leaked to the web That #39;s right. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas has become the latest victim of piracy, with illegal copies of the game, its manual, and its cover appearing on various Web sites.
Future DVDs could hold 1TB of data Future DVDs could hold about one hundred times the capacity that current discs can hold. That would mean about 472 hours of film on one disc the size of a current DVD disc.
Rumsfeld, 18 Allies Discuss War on Terror (AP) AP - In a cramped war room below deck, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld on Saturday joined 18 of his counterparts from an unusual collection of U.S. partners in the terrorism fight in discussing the way ahead in Iraq and Afghanistan.
US  #39;defector #39; to turn himself in Charles Robert Jenkins, a one-time US Army sergeant accused of defecting to North Korea 39 years ago, has saidy he will soon surrender to military authorities to  quot;face the charges that have been filed against me.
Vivendi to Sell 15 Stake in Veolia to Cut Debt (Update2) Vivendi Universal SA, owner of the world #39;s largest music company, said it will sell a 15 percent stake in Veolia Environnement SA to cut debt and focus on its media business.
No miscarriage of justice in Colombia: Harney The Tnaiste, Mary Harney, has said she has no reason to believe that a miscarriage of justice was involved in the case of the three Irishmen in Colombia given lengthy jail sentences for training left wing guerrillas.
Kansas City Chiefs KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- David Carr and Kris Brown gave Dick Vermeil another reason to cry. After Carr put his team in position, Brown drilled a 49-yard field goal with seven seconds remaining as
Microsoft courts mainstream developers com September 13, 2004, 6:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
GE earnings up 11 percent in third quarter STAMFORD, Conn. -- General Electric Co. #39;s third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent and revenue jumped 15 percent as orders rose sharply, the company said Friday.
National Basketball Association Game Capsules Dallas, TX -- Dirk Nowitzki scored 10 of his career-high 53 points in overtime to lead the Dallas Mavericks past the Houston Rockets, 113-106, at AmericanAirlines Center.
Oil Sets Record Amid New Violence in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record on  Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in Iraq and fresh  evidence that strong demand growth in China and India has not  been slowed yet by higher energy costs.
Tokyo Stocks Up as Steel Firms Rise  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average was up 0.88  percent by mid-afternoon on Friday, bolstered by gains in  Nippon Steel Corp. and its rivals after firm Chinese growth  data eased concern over a slowdown in one of Japan's biggest  export markets.
Court rules against state Web-blocking law SEPTEMBER 10, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites deemed by the state #39;s prosecuting attorneys to be child pornography has been overturned by a US federal court, with the judge ruling the law
Sharon wins key backing for coalition JERUSALEM - Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave possibly crucial backing on Tuesday for Prime Minister Ariel Sharons plan to invite the opposition Labour Party into a unity government, a Sharon aide said.
Novell Promises Continued Support for SuSE Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company says SuSE Linux Professional will become more of a community desktop, while its upcoming Novell Linux Desktop will target business users.
Stocks Set for Firm Start to '05  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures rose on Monday, pointing  to a solid start to the New Year, as oil prices tumbled more  than a dollar and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; brightened its  outlook for December sales.
Olympic diary: Day 12 Brazilian fans got a little bit too excited during the final of the women #39;s beach volleyball competition. Seeing that their team of Shelda Bede and Adriana Behar was struggling
Ghanaian Cargo Jet Crashes in Canada, Seven Dead  OTTAWA (Reuters) - A Ghanaian-registered Boeing 747 cargo  jet crashed and burned on take off from Halifax airport in  eastern Canada on Thursday, killing all seven crew on board,  police said.
Weeping Woman Tells Court of Pitcairn Island  #39;Rapes #39; A woman wept as she described being raped as a young girl by a man who is now mayor of Pitcairn Island, as his sex abuse trial opened on this remote rocky outcrop populated by descendants of the 18th-century Bounty mutineers.
IBM Retakes Top Supercomputer Rank as NEC Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's biggest  computer maker, has regained its position at the head of the  Top 500 list of supercomputer installations, dislodging rival  NEC Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6701.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;6701.T&lt;/A&gt; of Japan, the company said on Monday.
Conan to Take Over 'Tonight' in Five Years NEW YORK - NBC announced Monday that Conan O'Brien will take over from Jay Leno as host of the ""Tonight"" show. But he'll have time to write his jokes - the planned succession won't happen until 2009...
Web Positioning With Top Results Or The Ability To Attract More &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If placing your website within the top search engine results, entering certain keywords in Google, Yahoo, MSN Search, or Alta Vista, has become your daily obsession, stop for a moment and reflect.
Oil Fades to \$47, Awaits U.S. Stock Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell to seven-week lows below  \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another  increase in U.S. oil and natural gas inventories.
Marvel sues NCsoft over City of Heroes Comic book giant Marvel has filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against Korean publisher NCsoft, alleging that players in the firm #39;s MMORPG City of Heroes are creating characters in the likeness of Marvel heroes.
Shanghai to Honor Its Jewish Legacy  SHANGHAI -- Saul Marmer, a retired Cincinnati shoe retailer, peeled away from his tour group the other day to reflect on a special moment in Shanghai's long and eventful history. As summer rain bathed the city, and its residents raced about in their relentless drive to accumulate wealth, Marmer, 79, ducked into the Ohel Moishe Synagogue.
H amp;R Block faces charge WASHINGTON -- US securities regulators have accused H amp;R Block Financial Advisors of fraud in selling customers some \$16 million US of Enron bonds in late 2001 as a safe investment when the energy-trading giant was imploding.
Putin promises 2bn dollars to subsidize medicines under Russian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russia is to allocate 2bn dollars to reduce prices of medicines within the framework of the implementation of the monetary benefits programme, Russian President Vladimir Putin said during a meeting with representatives of India #39;s business circles in
Wakefield works out the kinks The silver lining on a dark cloud of a night wasn't the result, but rather the work.
Indiana 1 of 3 holdouts in nation Indiana is a standout nationally -- known all over for its refusal to adopt daylight-saving time.  quot;And then there is Indiana, quot; the publisher of the Information Please almanac notes on its Web site (www.
Bush and Kerry to Face Undecided Voters (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry will face questions from an audience of uncommitted voters in their second debate Friday night, with tepid jobs numbers and the war in Iraq certain to be points of contention.
News: DIY fingerprint idea thwarts ID thieves The Home Office is touting ID cards as a solution to ID theft in today's Queen's Speech but a Yorkshire man has taken matters into his own hands.
Bush Pays Tribute to U.S. Troops Abroad (AP) AP - Christmas trees decorated with red bows, gold ornaments and white lights lined the hall at the National Building Museum for a holiday pageant attended Sunday by President Bush and his wife, Laura.
Phone Group Head Resigns After Uproar The head of a trade association that represents competitors of the large regional telephone companies resigned after his lobbying blueprint was published by mistake on the Federal Communications Commission's Web site.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Jackson finds emotional rescue on court LAUREN JACKSON will start her quest for a first WNBA title in the United States this morning (AEST) with a heavy heart after saying farewell to her  quot;precious nan quot; 10 days ago from Seattle.
Fewer and fewer Christmas tree farms in Louisiana The number of Christmas tree farms in Louisiana has fallen like needles from an unwatered tree. There will be at least one less next year.
Bomb Explosion in Nepal #39;s Capital Wounds 38 A bomb tore through a government office in the Nepali capital on Tuesday, wounding at least 38 people in an attack police suspect was carried out by Maoist rebels.
The Age of Doom In 1993 six geeks had a digital nightmare that changed the culture. It's about to get far creepier
Russia Growls as Olympics Crowd Judges the Judges  ATHENS (Reuters) - Judges were in the firing line at the  Athens Games Tuesday after angry gymnastics fans mutinied and  Russia drafted a fierce protest to Olympics bosses.
Gartner: Consumers dissatisfied with online security According to a Gartner survey, online shoppers are frustrated with the lack of security provided by online businesses, and they fear that passwords are no longer sufficient to secure their transactions.
Fierce Battles for Control of Holy City Explosions and gunfire shook Najaf today amid fierce battles between US forces and Shiite militants, who remained in control of a revered shrine there as negotiations dragged on for its handover to religious authorities.
Grey Seen as Leading Paramount Candidate (Reuters) Reuters - Brad Grey, executive producer of the\hit television show ""The Sopranos"" and chairman of a top\Hollywood talent management firm, has emerged as the leading\candidate to succeed Sherry Lansing as head of Viacom Inc.'s\(VIAb.N) Paramount Pictures, the Wall Street Journal reported\on Sunday.
Presse Economique / Telecommunications PLANO, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 6, 2004--Enfora LP, leader des solutions de donnes sans fil, a annonc ce jour le lancement d #39;une nouvelle gamme d #39;accessoires Wireless Portfolio(TM) pour la prise en
Malaysia #39;s UMNO will not bring Anwar back into party KUALA LUMPUR : The UMNO Supreme Council on Tuesday reached a decision not to bring back former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim, who was UMNO deputy president, into the party for now.
Perfect Game All autumn long, Harvard's football team has had its chroniclers thumbing through the archives and blowing the dust off records that go back to the 19th century. Yesterday afternoon, the unbeaten Crimson wrote their own chapter in bold face, throttling archrival Yale, 35-3, before 30,308 at the Stadium to post their best record (10-0) in 103 years and wrap up ...
To Which Viktor the Spoils? This weekend Ukraine votes for its first new president in 10 years. The accusations, scare tactics and media bias surrounding the contest between current Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and former PM and
WADA: Botched Tests Allowed Hamilton to Keep Olympic Gold  TORONTO (Reuters) - A series of errors and  misunderstandings led to the botched drug test that resulted in  American cyclist Tyler Hamilton retaining his gold medal from  the Athens Olympics, said a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)  report Thursday.
National Bank gets buyer interest in Irish banks SYDNEY: National Australia Bank Ltd., the country #39;s biggest bank, said yesterday it had received several  quot;expressions of interest quot; in its two Irish banks but no decision has been made to sell the assets.
Russia #39;s grim return to reality Children were arriving at the school on Bakhrushina Street in central Moscow: small girls with oversize ribbons festooning their hair, small boys, fidgety and chattering, dwarfed by large satchels.
Gunmen Seize Two Americans, Briton in Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen snatched two Americans and a  Briton from a house in central Baghdad on Thursday, the latest  in a wave of abductions of foreigners in Iraq.
Blunkett  quot;must go quot; if claims true Conservative politicians have stepped up the pressure on Home Secretary David Blunkett over accusations he abused his position by speeding up a visa for his ex-lover #39;s nanny.
We Know You Like Michael Bolton A proud nerd puts her prefrontal cortex on the line to discover whether she's really a closet cool cat. By Jennifer Kahn from Wired magazine.
Typhoon Kills 44 in Japan, Deadliest in a Decade  TOKYO (Reuters) - Rescuers were searching through rubble  for survivors on Thursday after Japan's deadliest typhoon in a  decade triggered floods and landslides that killed at least 44  people and left 36 missing.
VSNL Buys Tyco #39;s Subsea Network The purchase makes it one of the top three leading players in the international undersea capacity business, alongside Global Crossing Holdings Ltd.
GLOBAL INVESTOR LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Surging demand from emerging economies and rising commodity prices worldwide is casting daylight on coal-mining stocks.
A national league The Red Sox are the newest champions to grace the cover of a Wheaties box. But with what the team was paid for the deal, it couldn't even buy a box of Wheaties.
Midway Developing Mature-Rated Football Video Game (Reuters) Reuters - Midway Games Inc. plans to publish\a ""mature""-rated pro football video game with the kinds of\violence and excess shunned by the National Football League,\the company said on Thursday.
Slutskaya leads after short program Olympic silver medalist and 2002 world champion Irina Slutskaya presented an almost flawless program to take the lead after the short program at the Cup of Russia on Friday.
Ice Age Floodwaters Leave a Walkable Trail Across the Northwest For years, geologists and devoted amateurs have lobbied for a regional trail dedicated to ice-age floods. At last, their efforts may pay off.
Investors flock to HK Reit Hong Kong retail investors have flocked to the US\$3bn listing of shops and car parks by the local Housing Authority with nearly one in ten of the territory #39;s
New wave of violence in Gaza Strip During last week four Israelis were killed by Palestinians. The Israel response developed into new air attack in a refugee camp. Israeli military forces say Palestinians use the Gaza refugee camp to organize attacks against Jewish settlements.
Eddington to open inquest into BA debacle Rod Eddington, the chief executive of British Airways, will tomorrow begin a review of last week #39;s staff shortages at the national flag carrier that left thousands stranded and more than 100 flights cancelled.
Practice Rink Plans Set A \$42.8 million training facility for the Capitals receives approval from the Arlington County Board on Tuesday and will be built at the Ballston Common Mall.
Office Depot Chairman, CEO Nelson Resigns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. office supply chain, on Monday said Chairman and Chief  Executive Bruce Nelson resigned and a search for his successor  is under way.
Bonds Boggles Minds The debate is not whether Barry Bonds deserves his seventh MVP award. Give it to him now. The discussion is now whether he's the greatest player ever.
Insurers Feel Pressure, Drop Commissions In the four days since New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer alleged that brokers and corporate insurance carriers were engaged in bid-rigging and secret payoffs
HP pushes parity for Itanium, PA-RISC servers At its annual HP World user conference in Chicago this week, Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) will announce a number of enhancements to its HP-UX operating system, designed to narrow the gap between the capabilities of the company's Integrity and HP 9000 servers.
Westmoreland agrees to NC deal Colorado Springs-based Westmoreland Coal Co. (AMEX: WLB) will buy LG amp;E Energy #39;s 50 percent stake in a North Carolina power project for \$125 million.
Law Banning Type of Abortion Is Unconstitutional, Judge Says A federal judge said that a Supreme Court ruling in 2000 required a clause allowing abortions if a women's health is at risk.
Rain may have fallout BOSTON -- The Boston Red Sox still trail. The good news for the Red Sox Nation was there was no loss to mourn last night as Game 3 of the American League championship Series was rained out at Fenway Park.
UPDATE 1-Rugby-Robinson hat-trick inspires England rout Jason Robinson marked his first game as England captain with a spectacular hat-trick as the world champions steam-rollered Canada 70-0 in their first game under new coach Andy Robinson on Saturday.
Jordan announces Toyota deal Jordan Grand Prix has concluded an agreement with Toyota Motorsport GmbH for a supply of engines in the 2005 Formula 1 World Championship season.
Jaguars finally get win over Titans, knock out McNair Fred Taylor ran for a 1-yard touchdown with nine seconds left Sunday, and the Jaguars earned their first victory ever in Nashville.
Police Find Explosives In St. Petersburg Cinema 9 September 2004 -- Russian police in St. Petersburg said today they found explosives, detonators, and a gun in a cinema which was closed for renovation.
Beckham boots Real to victory David Beckham scored a free-kick as Real Madrid beat Osasuna 1-0 in its first match under new coach Mariano Garcia Remon to go to the top of Spanish soccer #39;s Primera Liga.
Putin casts jet crashes as terrorist bombings MOSCOW President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that a claim by an Islamic extremist group to have downed two passenger airliners a week ago, if confirmed, would prove that the conflict spilling out of Chechnya was being fueled by international terrorist
Mozilla ignites Firefox 1.0 PR Mozilla gets ready to launch what may become one of the most significant steps in Internet browser innovations since the release of the Internet Explorer 4.0.
Bradley won #39;t be disciplined LOS ANGELES  Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be disciplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
Villages set ablaze as ethnic riots break out in China Police and paramilitary troops were last night guarding villages in central China where ethnic riots involving thousands of people led to at least seven deaths and scores of injuries.
Trail Blazers Agree to Terms With Miles (AP) AP - The Portland Trail Blazers agreed to terms with restricted free agent Darius Miles on Tuesday.
StorageTek buys management company In its pursuit of one-stop storage shop superstardom, Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) has bought Storability Software Inc. and got hold of its enterprise storage resource manager product.
Revolution in fighting mood The Revolution are apparently prepared to fight to extend their season. Clint Dempsey and Pat Noonan shoved each other and flailed away briefly yesterday at the Gillette Stadium practice field, while the team prepared for tomorrow's playoff game against the Columbus Crew.
Oklahoma At Texas A amp;M  What #39;s at stake: Oklahoma needs to keep winning to stay in the running for the national title. Texas A amp;M controls its fate in the Big 12 South but must win out (OU, Texas Tech, UT).
Oil Won't Derail Expansion -Fed Officials  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Near-record oil prices will slow  U.S. economic growth but won't be enough to derail a  self-sustaining expansion, U.S. Federal Reserve officials said  on Monday.
TO solution: Don #39;t show TD antics No, I #39;m not referring to the uproar over ABC #39;s  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; promo that included Owens and aired before Monday Night Football this week.
Murray ready for McEnroe SCOTLANDS Murray brothers face an exciting weekend north and south of the Border, with Jamie due to contest the doubles final of the LTA Futures event at Craiglockhart, and Andrew fulfilling a boyhood ambition at Wembley where he will come face to face
Infineon posts 4Q profit decline; sees chip market downturn ahead LONDON, November 9 (newratings.com) - The German semiconductor company, Infineon Technologies (IFX.ETR), has projected a downturn in the semiconductor industry next year, after reporting a 10 y/y decline in its profits for the fourth fiscal quarter.
Marsh  amp; McClennan CEO quits The head of Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc., the nation #39;s largest insurance broker, resigned Monday, clearing the way for the settlement of bid-rigging charges brought by New York #39;s attorney general.
Gregan agrees Wallabies contract Australia captain George Gregan is set to sign a new three-year contract to take him through to the 2007 World Cup. Sydney #39;s Daily Telegraph newspaper claimed the 31-year-old scrum-half is ready to put pen to paper on the deal.
N. Ireland militants' cease-fire OK'd BELFAST -- The outlawed Ulster Defense Association has resumed a credible cease-fire and is eligible to play a formal role again in Northern Ireland's peace process, Britain announced yesterday in a surprise move.
Supreme Court Sidesteps Credit Card Dispute MasterCard and Visa no longer can block banks from issuing credit cards from competitors after the Supreme Court declined to hear their appeal Monday.
INTERVIEW: Sony Ericsson Chief Sees Slower Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony\Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global\handset market next year.
UN to assess Iran nuclear freeze The UN nuclear agency is set to meet in Vienna on Thursday to review Iran #39;s controversial nuclear programme. The board of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) will learn if Iran is abiding by an agreement
'Price Fatigue' Hurting Beef Sales-Tyson  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Tyson Foods Inc &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TSN.N&lt;/A&gt;., the world's  largest meat company, said on Thursday that high beef prices  may have consumers shifting to pork and chicken, but its beef  segment should do well later this year.
Plummer thrives in conservative attack Novembers are defining months in the Mile High City. It #39;s around the time of year when Super Bowl teams gather confidence for the stretch run.
IBM #39;s BlueGene Now World #39;s Fastest Computer 36.01 Teraflops. Yeah, that #39;ll just about do it. What  quot;it quot; is, I don #39;t know, but I #39;m sure the well dressed geeks at IBM are blue with pride after their BlueGene/L computer surpassed the speed of NEC #39;s Earth Simulator.
Funk Ends 6-Year Drought With Win at SFB (AP) AP - Fred Funk birdied the final hole to finish off a final-round 6-under 66 and win the Southern Farm Bureau Classic by a stroke Sunday, his first PGA Tour victory in six years.
Space station needs supplies by Christmas CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- Oxygen and food will be worrisomely low on the international space station by Christmas, and it #39;s crucial that a Russian supply ship get there by then, a top NASA official said today.
Internet fails to shine for 'silver surfers' The Modern Maturity set is a growing yet elusive demographic for IT product engineers and Web site designers.
NZD Firms Despite Greenback #39;s Gains The New Zealand dollar bumped up another notch to three week highs on Tuesday despite the US dollar #39;s gains, the local currency hitching a ride with the stronger Australian dollar.
Afghan Kidnappers Say Government Agrees Deal  KABUL (Reuters) - Kidnappers of three U.N. workers in  Afghanistan said on Wednesday the government had agreed to  terms for their release, despite indications from Afghan and  U.S. officials that meeting the militants' demands was  impossible.
Cowboys RB Jones out with broken shoulder IRVING, Texas - The first NFL game for Dallas Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones will also be his last for quite a while. Jones broke his left shoulder blade during a 19-12 victory over Cleveland on Sunday.
For Wednesday AMs AP Olympic Digest for Wednesday AMs. The supervisor is Aaron Watson. The phone number for the New York sports desk is (212) 621-1630. Reruns of stories and agate available from http://yourap.org, from the Service Desk (800-838-4616) or your local AP ...
Adams and Paisley Edge Towards Peace Deal Gerry Adams shook the hand of Northern Ireland Chief Constable Hugh Orde in Tony Blairs Downing Street office today, as the republican leadership and the Reverend
Pesticide Persisting Beyond Scheduled Elimination Date Under a treaty known as the Montreal Protocol, methyl bromide was to be banned for most uses by the end of this year.
October probably had job growth US employers probably added 175,000 workers to payrolls in October, the most in five months, while the unemployment rate held at a three-year low of 5.4 percent, the median forecast in a Bloomberg News survey of economists shows.
Has TiVo Forsaken Us? Sometime in the next few months, your machine will quietly download a patch that makes it respond to a new copy-protection scheme from software maker Macrovision. By Lucas Graves from Wired magazine.
Mitsubishi Injects Cash Into UFJ (AP) AP - Japanese banking giant Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. pumped the equivalent of  #36;6.4 billion into UFJ Holdings Inc., Japan's fourth biggest bank, Friday in a move designed to discourage a rival takeover.
US tanks, planes strike Baghdad Shi #39;ite district BAGHDAD: US tanks raided the Baghdad Shi #39;ite Muslim stronghold of Sadr City this morning as aircraft bombed the area and helicopters flew low overhead, witnesses said.
Soccer: U.S. Overcomes El Salvador After Bad-Tempered Battle  FOXBORO, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Brian Ching and Landon  Donovan scored well-taken goals as the United States beat  10-man El Salvador 2-0 in an ill-tempered CONCACAF zone Group A  World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
Eskandarian Hurts Ankle United goals-scored co-leader Alecko Eskandarian injured his left ankle in practice Wednesday and is questionable for Saturday's match at New England.
Economy Grows at 2.8 Rate in the Spring The U.S. economy, struggling under the weight of a bloated trade deficit, grew at a relatively modest 2.8 percent annual rate in the second quarter, a slower pace of expansion than previously thought.
No FA action over Van Persie incident at United Arsenal #39;s Dutch winger Robin van Persie will not face any further action after his tussle with Manchester United #39;s Kieran Richardson in Wednesday #39;s League Cup tie, the Football Association said.
Giants Autofocus for Eagles and Owens This is the week of the season when every Giants defensive back needs to have shoulders as sturdy as snowplow blades. But safety Gibril Wilson reported Wednesday that he still had only one good shoulder.
Fatal stabbings raise concern over dangerous holiday party season for teens (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The fatal stabbing of a young man trying to eject unwanted party guests from his family home, the third such knifing in just weeks, has police worried about a potentially fatal holiday recipe: teens, alcohol and knives.
Kederis awaits drugs charges Kostas Kederis, Greece #39;s disgraced former Olympic champion, has said he is confident he will clear his name in court if authorities in Athens decide to charge him with deliberately avoiding a drugs test.
Tressel:  #39;Allegations Made Against Me Totally False #39; COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel issued a statement Tuesday afternoon, saying that allegations made about the program by former tailback Maurice Clarett were  quot;totally false.
Payrolls Resumed Growth In August US job growth revived and the unemployment rate fell last month, the government reported yesterday, providing fresh ammunition for both presidential candidates as they debate
Kallon #39;s fine form continues Mohammed Kallon #39;s fine start to his Monaco career continued on Tuesday when the Sierra Leonean scored his first ever Champions League goal.
Road weary-ers Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony beat a marijuana rap yesterday and then smoked the Raptors. Pot possession charges filed earlier this year against the sophomore were dismissed prior to last night #39;s game
AMD dual-core Opterons gain SSE 3 support AMD #39;s dual-core AMD64 chips will provide instructions compatible with Intel #39;s SSE 3 technology, the chip maker announced at the Microprocessor Forum yesterday.
China Typhoon Death Toll Rises; 40 Missing (AP) AP - China raised its official death toll from Typhoon Rananim to at least 147 on Monday, as villagers with farm tools dug through massive landslides searching for 40 people still missing.
Tennis Masters - Houston USA Though Tim Henman may be considerably more senior than some of his more illustrious opponents at this weeks Tennis Masters Cup, he isnt quite old enough to recall the Apollo programmes famous moon shots and the sound of Mission Control at Houston
Calif. Academy of Sciences Holds Tag Sale (AP) AP - The California Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate Park held a one-of-a-kind yard sale Sunday, offering rock-bottom prices on everything from antique wooden incubators to six-foot-tall prehistoric bird replicas.
Microsoft takes largest share of PDA market for first time The company says that in the most recent third quarter, the global market for handheld devices showed Microsoft #39;s Windows Mobile Pocket PC platform accounting for nearly half the three million units shipped.
MN to issue high-tech-driver #39;s licenses Minnesota will soon begin issuing new driver #39;s licenses that contain high-tech features to curb counterfeiting, as well as a  quot;status check quot; that will show a driver #39;s immigration status.
Delta Halfway Through Restructuring - WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, still hoping  to avoid filing for bankruptcy, has completed about half its  planned restructuring, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Tuesday.
Expos move is an opportunity to improve baseball schedule Major League Baseball finally did what many expected: It announced Washington, DC, will be the new home of the Expos. The best choice?
Artest, other suspended players meet with arbitrator; NBA stays &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An arbitrator heard six hours of testimony Thursday in a grievance hearing that the NBA refused to attend about the Pacers-Pistons brawl-related suspensions issued by commissioner David Stern.
Iran readies uranium for enrichment, UN watching TEHRAN (Agencies) -- Iran began processing uranium just more than a week ago to prepare it for enrichment, a diplomat said on Wednesday.
Mets Hire Two Assistants in Front Office (AP) AP - The New York Mets hired two special assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer Tony Bernazard from the players' union and grabbing Sandy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Version 2.0 of Linux Standard Base specs now available The latest Linux Standard Base specifications are now out, allowing open-source vendors and developers to maintain easy portability and compatibility among applications for Linux.
Stoudemire Scores 50 Points in Suns' Win (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored 50 points to lead Phoenix to a 117-98 win over Portland on Sunday night.
U.S. Sees No Immediate Push for Sanctions on Iran (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration does not\plan to seek immediate sanctions against Tehran even if it\succeeds in getting Iran's nuclear program referred to the U.N.\Security Council, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.
P2P for cell phones: Reach out and share something Next year, wireless operators will debut ways to share a favorite ring tone. But don't expect a Napster free-for-all.
Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid Deadline Nears (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Friday\won the backing of another key public pension fund in its\ #36;8.8-billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc.  as the\17-month takeover battle between the two California-based\business software makers neared a key deadline.
Juniper boosts end-point security Company adds new features to its SSL VPN gateway to make sure devices connecting to a network are clean.
Wolfsburg lose second straight Wolfsburg, Germany (Sports Network) - Wolfsburg #39;s magical start to the season is fading fast as the club lost for the third time in four matches Saturday, 3-2 against Hertha Berlin.
EU Lifts U.S. Sanctions, Contests Taxes  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU called off its sanctions on \$4  billion worth of U.S. goods on Monday after Washington repealed  illegal export tax subsidies, bringing some balm to  transatlantic ties wounded by a battle over Airbus and Boeing.
No. 16 Florida 20, Kentucky 3 With Hurricane Jeanne approaching, Florida squeezed in its game against Kentucky and beat the Wildcats 20-3 Saturday behind Ciatrick Fason #39;s career-high 210 yards rushing and two touchdowns.
No Fighting the Co-op Board, Even With Talons The story of the hawks evicted from their perch on a Manhattan building serves as a reminder of the power of co-op boards.
Adobe Ships Upgrade of Photoshop For Non-Professionals (TechWeb) TechWeb - Adobe releases an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
Torri finally out of Olympic Games ATHENS - US sprinter Torri Edwards was knocked out of the Olym- pics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug suspension, rejecting arguments she took banned stimulants by accident.
Liberty to boost its stake in News Corp. Liberty Media Corp., the company controlled by cable-television investor John Malone, said it entered a transaction with Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
Recording industry sues another 750 computer users The Recording Industry Association of America filed the copyright infringement suits against 750 computer users across the country -- including 25 university students.
West Virginia pounds Syracuse MORGANTOWN, W.Va. - Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing record for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No.
China braces for Typhoon Aere after seven feared dead in Taiwan, Japan (AFP) AFP - Typhoon Aere pounded northern Taiwan with heavy rain and powerful winds triggering landslides and causing widespread disruption to transport, and leaving at least seven people feared dead.
MGM Gives Blow-By-Blow Report of Sale Process In a filing that could dispel rumors that the recent auction for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. was not competitive, the studio said winning bidder Sony Corp.
Divide over managing US #39;s wallet Both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry profess to be  quot;free traders, quot; opposed to tariffs and other impediments to commerce.
Pixar's Folly The emergence of another Toy Story flick leads one to wonder who has the upper hand in Pixar's relationship with Disney.
Karzai Clinches Majority in Afghan Vote (AP) AP - Hamid Karzai clinched a majority of the votes cast in Afghanistan's first presidential election, near-complete results showed Sunday, leaving him all but certain of becoming his war-wrecked nation's first democratically elected leader.
Treasuries Trim Gains After GDP Data (Reuters) Reuters - Treasury debt prices trimmed early\gains on Friday after U.S. economic data proved to be not quite\as weak as some bulls had been betting.
In the News European Ryder Cup player Padraig Harrington broke out of his form slump Thursday to take a one-stroke lead at the German Masters with a 6-under-par 66.
Fashion photographer Avedon dies US photographer Richard  Avedon, renowned for his  portraits of the rich and famous, dies aged 81.
With Escape, the SUV gets greener If the development of the hybrid gasoline/electric vehicle can be described in golf terms, we #39;re early in the match, far from making the turn at the ninth hole.
Poison pill defence for News Corp Media giant News Corp is mustering its forces to make sure the Murdoch family stays in control and to ward off a possible takeover bid.
PeopleSoft flap may be hurting Oracle's image Public opinion of the database giant sinks to 12-year low, a new report indicates.
Wall Street to Edge Up as Oil Price Slips  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to edge higher  at Thursday's opening as oil prices receded from record highs,  easing fears spiraling costs will crimp firms' profits.
Suburbia's Just Another Name for Fat City By Randy Dotinga, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Do sprawling communities translate into expanding waistlines? Absolutely, according to a new study that adds to a growing body of evidence that suburban living makes people fat.    A Boston University researcher found that people who live in spread-out communities are heavier than their city-bound counterparts...
Heat Turned Up on Streaming Video Patents By JUSTIN POPE     (AP) -- After a recent legal setback, a California company that claims its patents cover the streaming video technology used by adult Web sites is boosting efforts to collect money from a very different group of streaming video users: colleges and universities.    Newport Beach, Calif.-based Acacia Media Technologies Corp...
Prescription drug shipments to be tagged electronically WASHINGTON - Three large drug manufacturers in the United States say they plan to add radio transmitter tags to bottles of pills to prevent counterfeiting and theft.
Bush to Avoid Sneak Peek at Jobs Data  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Financial markets may be all ears on  Thursday night for hints about August job growth from President  Bush, but they will be listening in vain since he plans to  purposely avoid an early peek.
Ukraine in election law deadlock Ukrainian MPs will make a new attempt on Wednesday to agree reforms ahead of the election re-run.
A man of morals He may be known as  quot;El Loco quot;, but there is none of the traditional flamboyant Latin madness about Marcelo Bielsa. Instead, the man whose controversial reign as Argentina coach came to an end
Embratel Shares Plunge in Brazil, N.Y. Shares in Embratel Particapoes SA, Brazil's largest long-distance carrier, plunged more than 10 percent in Sao Paulo and almost 14 percent on Wall Street Tuesday after the company announced it would issue \$704 million in new shares but divulged few details about the plan.
Western Digital Outlook Spurs Sector Disk drive makers were on a roll Wednesday morning after industry giant Western Digital Corp. upped its outlook for the current quarter.
UN staff plan no-confidence vote against top management UNITED NATIONS: The UN staff union was meeting late last night to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the United Nations, which has been hit by a series of scandals involving top UN officials.
NEWS SNAP: Natl Grid Sells Gas Assets For GBP5.8 Bln LONDON (Dow Jones)--UK power and gas system operator National Grid Transco PLC (NGT.LN) Tuesday said it will return GBP2 billion, or 65 pence a share, to its shareholders after selling four
Militants Behead 3 Kurd Hostages in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants beheaded three hostages said to be Iraqi Kurd militiamen, showing their deaths in a video posted on a Web site Sunday and denouncing Kurdish political parties for cooperating with Americans in Iraq.    In a separate incident, a group claimed to have kidnapped 25 members of the Iraqi National Guard, and a report on the Arabic station Al-Jazeera said the soldiers were threatened with death unless a detained Shiite leader is freed within 48 hours...
Army cadets massacred by guerrillas GUERRILLAS in Iraq killed almost 50 army cadets heading home on leave, ambushing the men on a desert road and making them lie face down on the ground before methodically shooting each one in the back of the head, Iraqi officials said yesterday.
Thousands greet coffin of Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat was buried Friday in the place where he spent his last years as a prisoner, buried in a huge and chaotic outpouring of grief for the man who embodied the Palestinian people #39;s dream of statehood.
India pull off astounding victory India bowl out Australia for 93 to win the fourth Test by 13 runs, but the tourists take the series 2-1.
Wildcats stumble in 2nd half NEW YORK - Arizona guard Salim Stoudamire tried all he could to get Arizona the upset win against No. 1 Wake Forest. No. 18 Arizona tried to go to him one last time in the waning seconds and trailing by one
Arafat #39;s death may bring peace to Mid East The devil dancing in the Middle East is dead. After Arafat used his life to deny Palestinians a national state, Palestinians will now have the chance to use Arafat #39;s death to usher in a new era of compromise.
Hasselbeck returns to practice, expects to start for Seahawks Seattle quarterback Matt Hasselbeck returned to practice and is expected to play Sunday against Buffalo. Hasselbeck had acupuncture treatments for a deep bruise just above his knee.
GOP Convention May Briefly Lift Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fasten your seatbelts. The Republicans  are in town. If things go smoothly at the Republican National  Convention, the stock market could get a brief boost this week,  experts say.
MLB likely won #39;t punish Bonds, Giambi, Sheffield NEW YORK - For all the fuss over reported admissions of steroid use by Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi and Gary Sheffield, Major League Baseball probably won #39;t discipline them.
Credit Issuers Shares Dented by Kerry Plan Financial companies were under scrutiny Friday after Sen. John Kerry vowed to push for legislation that would curb credit card fees and protect homebuyers from unfair lending practices.
Production, housing rise while consumer prices decline Washington - The nation #39;s factories cranked out more products in July, miners dug more minerals and builders broke ground on more homes, the government said Tuesday in three reports that showed some rebound in economic activity last ...
Microsoft targets older people for web via TV SEATTLE: For people trying to get their ageing parents on the web so they can read email and get digital photos of the family, Microsoft Corp has a message: Don #39;t give up.
Brazil's Ruling Party Faces Sao Paulo Run-Off Vote  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - President Luiz Inacio Lula da  Silva's Workers' Party (PT) won the mayoralty of six state  capitals in Sunday's municipal vote but was forced into a  run-off to defend its hold on the race's biggest prize, the  city of Sao Paulo.
A more cautious Miller wins another giant slalom Bode Miller put his go-for-broke style temporarily in check Sunday and won a World Cup giant slalom for the second time this season.
Cendant Near Deal to Buy Orbitz -Source  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Travel and real estate heavyweight  Cendant Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CD.N&lt;/A&gt; is nearing a deal to buy online travel  site Orbitz Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORBZ.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORBZ.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is controlled by the top five  U.S. airlines, for about \$1.2 billion in cash, a source close  to the talks said on Tuesday.
Radcliffe baffled by failure Paula Radcliffe has no idea what went wrong in the Olympic marathon and is undecided about running the 10,000m.
Fairchild Semi Raises Outlook, Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fairchild Semiconductor International  Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FCS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FCS.N&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of chips used to manage power in  electronics, on Wednesday said quarterly sales would reach the  higher end of its previous targets, sending its shares up as  much as 8 percent.
Scientists: Can pull science out of Genesis pieces NASA officials said today they were more optimistic about the possibilities for extricating some science from the battered Genesis space capsule.
IBM buys content integration provider IBM Corp. #39;s software division notched up its 18th acquisition in three years yesterday, announcing the purchase of content integration specialist Venetica Corp.
Wi-Fi, WiMAX dead and gone, fibre pundits say IT #39;S BEEN a heck of an interesting two days here in Iceland. I #39;ve seen some interesting technology, heard some inventive speeches and met some people with different ideas.
RIM shares atwitter amid case concerns Stock in the BlackBerry maker fluctuates as investors await a key ruling in a hotly contested patent infringement case.
Special Apple music event planned for Oct. 26 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Select members of the press on Monday received an invitation to to a special Apple event taking place at the California Theatre in San Jose, Calif. The theme of the event would appear to be musically-related and is capitalizing on Apple's recently unveiled iPod and iTunes Music Store promotion with legendary rock band U2, judging from the invitation received by MacCentral. ""Steve Jobs, Bono and The Edge invite you to attend a special event,"" reads the top of the invitation. The invitation-only event is scheduled to take place at 10AM Pacific Time on October 26, 2004.
Gasol inks extension with Grizzlies CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Pau Gasol agreed to a multiyear contract extension with the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday.  quot;We are delighted to reach a contract agreement with Pau, quot; Jerry West, the Grizzlies #39; president of basketball operations, said Friday.
Manning Gets Early Go-Ahead to Start Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on Carolina.
For Airlines, It #39;s Still 9/11 NEW YORK - Though America just celebrated the third anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and most of the economy has more or less recovered, the announcement by US Airways Group that it is
Profiling Technology Speeds Up Fast Food A Pittsburgh start-up, HyperActive Technologies Inc., is testing technology at area fast-food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Earlier blooming lilacs another harbinger of global warming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As the first signs of winter push into the US Northeast, American researchers have some good news for fair weather fans - spring is coming earlier than it used to.
Wall of Thick Smoke Slows Chinese Mine Rescue Rescuers battled thick smoke on Monday to free 141 Chinese miners trapped after a gas explosion in a coal mine in northern China that killed at least 25, state media reported.
11am Market Update European stock markets got off to a flying start this morning as investors cheered a plunge in crude oil prices and fresh post-election gains on Wall Street.
Young Rebuffs NBA, Sticks With Rangers (AP) AP - Chris Young never expected to have to chose again between baseball and basketball. The Texas Rangers helped make it an easy decision for the 6-foot-10 pitcher.
Invesco to Pay \$450 Million to End Inquiry of Fund Trades The Invesco Funds Group and an affiliate, AIM Advisors, agreed on Tuesday to a \$450 million settlement with regulators, who accused the companies of improperly allowing
Cingular posts \$650M with AT amp;T Says that amount would have been earned for the first 9 months of 2004, before AT amp;T purchase. LOS ANGELES, (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless would have posted a net profit of \$650 million for the first nine months
Goodbye SNMP? Hello, WS-Management Laoping writes  quot;News.com has a story about a new Web services management specification designed to simplify network administration across a wide range of devices.
IBM updates WebSphere Application Server software OCTOBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today unveiled a new version of its WebSphere Application Server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and boost enterprise efforts to build a service-oriented architecture (SOA).
Paneer is easy. Paneer is a kind of soft cheese used in Indian cuisine.  It's a bit like ricotta.  It takes minutes to make, and you can experiment with it.  This recipe is neither particularly original, nor particularly authentic.  But, you get stuff that looks and tastes like the paneer you get in Indian restaurants, so it must be pretty close.  It doesn't use rennet, so it's vegetarian-safe.  It isn't vegan-safe.
Giants still coming up short After the fourth question yesterday regarding backup running back Ron Dayne, Giants coach Tom Coughlin felt he had answered enough.
Linux #39;s SuperComputing day As the SuperComputing 2004 show kicks off in the US city of Pittsburg this week, Linux technology will be well represented among the big honking processor, storage and networking technologies on display.
U.S. Stocks Flat After GDP Data in Line  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Friday  after a government report showed that the U.S. economy grew  more slowly in the second quarter but at a rate that matched  economists' forecasts.
No need to cut French GDP growth forecast over oil price: Sarkozy French Economy Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said late Wednesday that there was no need to lower the 2005 economic growth forecast for France because of surging oil prices, saying such a move would dent confidence.
Q3 worldwide computer sales up 9.7 US giant Dell was the sector leader with 16.8 of the market, the Gartner research institute said today. Unit sales came to 46.9 million in the July-September period against 42.
Apple Enhances iBook, Cuts Prices Before Holidays (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  on\Tuesday announced a faster version of its popular iBook\notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its\PowerMac desktop line, as the computer maker gears up for the\holiday shopping season.
Kerik's Position Was Untenable, Bush Aide Says Bernard B. Kerik, the former homeland security secretary nominee, said he faced an ""ugly"" process of confirmation.
Microsoft Mimics Local Radio Stations As part of its much-touted new MSN Music offering, Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) is testing a Web-based radio service that mimics nearly 1,000 local radio stations, allowing users to hear a version of their favorite radio station with far fewer interruptions.
Slump baffles guard Harris Guard Dion Harris can #39;t explain it, but he #39;s in a major shooting slump. In the last five games, he has shot 17-for-66 from the field (25.8 percent), including 7-for-35 from three-point range.
AOL, E-Mail Companies Sue Spammers (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The nation's largest e-mail providers today filed a new round of lawsuits against Internet spammers allegedly responsible for shoveling millions of junk e-mail messages into computer users' in-boxes and their instant messaging screens.
Ireland Beats Croatia in Soccer Friendly; Australia Ties Norway Robbie Keane scored his 24th international goal as the Republic of Ireland beat Croatia 1-0 in an exhibition soccer match. Australia and Norway drew 2-2.
Hackers deploying  #39;bots #39; on a massive scale Hackers have increased their attempts to hijack PCs since the start of the year, with up to 75,000 being compromised daily, according to Symantec.
Down again in N.Y. NEW YORK -- Hold off on the traditional postseason, red, white and blue bunting draped over the rails at Fenway for the upcoming weekend series with the Yankees. After wicked Wednesday's double-barrel blast of bad news from the Bronx, Red Sox management might want to decorate with black crepe when the American League Championship Series resumes tomorrow night at the ...
No. 12 Mississippi St. 53, Fairfield 49 Mississippi State coach Rick Stansbury wouldn #39;t use the absence of Lawrence Roberts as an excuse for the 12th-ranked Bulldogs #39; close call against Fairfield on Thursday night in the opening round of the Coaches vs.
Calpers Boardroom Reformer Shown the Door The ouster of the president of the California Public Employees #39; Retirement System comes amid a growing backlash against corporate reform, but shareholder advocates expect the move to have little direct effect on the corporate governance movement.
U.S. Sends Troops to Help Philippine Flood Relief  INFANTA, Philippines (Reuters) - An advance team of 40 U.S.  Marines joined relief efforts in the Philippines on Wednesday  after four deadly storms, as officials said funds were running  short to help 650,000 survivors.
NASA: Bush Stifles Global Warming Evidence (AP) AP - The Bush administration is trying to stifle scientific evidence of the dangers of global warming in an effort to keep the public uninformed, a NASA scientist said Tuesday night.
Oil, Dollar, Chips to Weigh on Wall St. (Reuters) Reuters - A rise in crude oil prices for a second\day, a stalled recovery in the dollar and a crop of warnings in\the chip sector were set to push Wall Street lower at\Thursday's opening.
Wenger Ready To Prove Doubters Wrong Arsene Wenger has hit back at critics who claim that Arsenal cannot perform against Europe #39; big guns after being drawn against Bayern Munich in the Champions League.
Lenovo-IBM is a tough sell Two years ago, I got an inside look at operations at Lenovo Group, the Chinese computing giant that is expected to form a joint venture with IBM to sell PCs worldwide.
Suicide bomber kills 30 in Pak ISLAMABAD, OCTOBER 1: A suicide bomber blew himself up inside a Shiite mosque packed with worshippers during Friday prayers killing at least 30 people and injuring 70 others in Sialkot, Pakistan.
Princess #39;s marriage raises Japan #39;s hopes to boost birth rate Tokyo, Nov. 15: The news that Princess Sayako, will wed at 35 after years of hesitation was welcomed today by many in Japan who fear that sagging marriage and birth rates has left the country headed for a demographic crisis.
Forstmann Little to buy Talent Agency IMG Buyout firm Forstmann Little  amp; Co. Thursday said it would buy International Management Group, a leading talent agency that represents major sports and entertainment stars.
Anderson lifts UMass Matt Anderson scored three goals, including two in the third period to help overcome a 4-3 deficit, as the University of Massachusetts defeated Clarkson, 6-4, last night in its opener in Amherst.
Lord Hanson: a swashbuckling risk-taker For a man whose name hung above the door, James Hanson was remarkably unsentimental about the company he had built from scratch. As a champion of shareholder value, he believed that all assets were up for sale (or at least, should be).
KING #39;S IDEA: A TOURNAMENT The ballroom at Mandalay Bay was decorated late Saturday night for an elaborate post-fight conference where Vitali Klitschko was to celebrate his eighth-round technical knockout over Danny Williams.
NASA's 16-Foot Transonic Tunnel Leaves Powerful Legacy NASA -- When the massive fan blades stop turning for the last time on September 30, 2004, the steel walls of the 16-Foot Transonic Tunnel will continue to reverberate with an incredible history of aeronautical research spanning over six decades.    The stone ""NACA"" plate over the building's main entrance at NASA's Langley Research Center only hints at the historical significance of the facility...
Archbishop of Canterbury Asks Anglicans not to Condemn Homosexuals The Archbishop of Canterbury has asked conservative members of the Anglican Church not to belittle or harass homosexuals, a British newspaper reported Sunday.
Koch: I Support Bush, His Stance on Iraq (AP) AP - Calling himself a ""liberal with sanity,"" former mayor Ed Koch  #151; a lifelong Democrat  #151; said he decided to support President Bush in the 2004 election because of Bush's stance on Iraq.
Peru retries notorious rebel leader The 69-year-old founder of Peru #39;s Maoist Shining Path terrorist movement, which paralyzed the country for more than two decades, faced a civilian court Friday for the first time since he was arrested more than 12 years ago.
Tennis: Roddick, Hewitt, Moya and Federer to be missing from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID : The Madrid Masters tournament is in danger of being dubbed the master-less series after three of the world #39;s most exciting players joined the event #39;s growing absentees list.
Sterne shocked by Madrid victory South African Richard Sterne carded a brilliant closing round of 65 to win the Madrid Open and a place on the European Tour for the next two years.
UK Conservatives Pounce on Trust Issue Oct. 5, 2004 - BOURNEMOUTH, England Conservative Party leader Michael Howard tried to turn next year #39;s expected national elections in Britain into a battle of trust and credibility, accusing Prime Minister
Newcastle stumble past poor opponents WHILE awaiting the result of the North East Assembly referendum, Newcastle United cast a marginal vote in favour of European football.
Emirates and Arsenal in 100-m deal Arsenal Football Club has signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in football history with Emirates Airline in an agreement worth 100 million.
Ichiro singles, now 30 shy of mark Edgar Martinez overshadowed Ichiro Suzuki #39;s chase of the Major League #39;s single-season hits record with a two-homer night. The long balls weren #39;t enough for Seattle
Google snaps up digital mapping company Search enabler Google Inc. said Wednesday it acquired digital mapping company Keyhole Corp. for an undisclosed sum.
Hungary retain men #39;s title with a Kiss Gergely Kiss scored the winning goal as Hungary came from behind to beat Serbia and Montenegro 8-7 to chalk up the gold medal in the men #39;s Olympic waterpolo yesterday.
Defense Says Dotson Incompetent for Trial (AP) AP - Psychological testing shows that the former Baylor University basketball player accused of gunning down one of his teammates is not competent to stand trial, his attorneys said Wednesday.
Kathmandu hit by  #39;rebel #39; blasts Suspected Maoist rebels in Nepal have set off two bombs in Kathmandu, on the third day of a blockade of the capital.
EDS Delays Its Results After a Dispute The Electronic Data Systems Corporation announced yesterday that its quarterly financial report would be delayed because of a dispute with its auditors over the company #39;s troubled computer services contract with the United States Navy.
Reebok goes Hollywood to refashion its marketing WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. -- Reebok's new strategy: To be seen is to sell. And what better place to be seen than on North Robertson Boulevard, the Rodeo Drive of the younger, hipper set.
Bills' patience paying off The savior? The Buffalo Bills have always thought so. Bills general manager and president Tom Donahoe believed if the organization was patient in waiting for Willis McGahee's rebuilt knee to respond, he would be a huge success.
NASA to Donate Data to Aid Plants, Animals (AP) AP - While NASA is best known for putting a man on the moon, the U.S. space agency will now help keep plant and animal species on Earth.
A Fool Looks Back Winners lost. Cereals bowled. Online storefronts schooled their offline storefronts yet again. In sum, it was another week of twisted holiday cheer.
AT amp;T Lowers Price of Residential VoIP Service Starting tomorrow, AT amp;T Corp. will sell its residential VoIP service for \$5 less than an earlier promotional offer as it prepares for the holiday sales season.
AT amp;T Settles Shareholder Lawsuit Telecommunications giant AT amp;T Corp. said Tuesday that it agreed to pay \$100 million to settle a shareholder class action lawsuit underway in a New Jersey district court, three weeks after the trial began.
India debates manned space flight BANGALORE (AFP) - India #39;s space agency is ready to send a man to space within seven years if the government gives the nod, while preparations have already begun for the launch of an unmanned lunar mission, a top official said.
Stocks Wobble on DC Sickness Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks wobbled lower on Wednesday  as reports that several people had been sickened in an office  in Washington raised terrorism fears, upsetting the market, and  oil prices jumped.
AudioFeast Launches Portable Internet Radio Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - AudioFeast, a two-year-old start-up company based in Mountain View, California, has launched what it claims is the first Internet radio service for portable \MP3 players.
Homeland Security Names New Cyber Chief By 1:57 PM EDT Fri. Oct. 08, 2004. The Department of Homeland Security Thursday appointed an acting US cybersecurity chief to replace Amit Yoran, who resigned suddenly from the position a week ago.
Opposition asks govt to provide security to Indian team in B #39;desh: India News: New Delhi, Dec 6 : Voicing serious concern over the death threat to members of the Indian Cricket team, Lok Sabha members belonging to the opposition NDA today asked the government to provide fool proof security to the members of the Indian
What to Eat on the Way to Mars Think it's tough figuring out what to whip up for dinner? Try figuring out what to eat during a two-and-half-year trip to Mars and back. Food scientists have some solutions on the plate. By Karen Lurie.
Quake has thousands sleeping out Thousands of people in northern Japan are spending a second night in emergency shelters or out in the open after a series of earthquakes.
Protesting fans stop gym final Angry fans stopped the final of the men #39;s gymnastics high bar for 10 minutes as they booed judges for a poor score that destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov #39;s chance of a 13th Olympic medal.
Ugly Victory Redeems Carter in a Game of Second Chances Winning behind Quincy Carter - who completed 11 of 20 passes for 116 yards - might have assuaged the Jets' concerns about him as the backup quarterback.
Boeing Sees EU Agreeing to End Launch Aid  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top Boeing Co. official said on  Friday he was optimistic the European Union would agree to end  government aid to develop new aircraft, which has helped its  chief rival Airbus grab more than half of the civil aircraft  market.
SpaceShipOne team set to fly again Monday The history-making spacecraft designed by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan will blast off Monday morning from a small airport in Mojave, California, in a bid for \$10 million.
Newman wins pole in Martinsville MARTINSVILLE, Virginia (Ticker) - Ryan Newman is probably too far back in the  quot;Chase for the Championship quot; to seriously contend for the title.
Canada Offers Darfur Aid, Eschews 'Genocide' Label (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin\promised on Wednesday to help fund an African Union mission in\Sudan's troubled Darfur region but he skirted the issue of whether\what was happening there was genocide.
Birding Column: Backyard Bathing Beauties Birder Mathew Tekulsky describes the bathing habits of birds, explaining the dependence of birds on water.
Dollar Stalls Despite Capital Flows  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar barely moved on Tuesday,  struggling to sustain a modest bounce from multi-week lows  against the euro made on bigger-than-expected capital inflows  to the United States.
WALKMAN STUMBLES In a meeting with executives from four Hollywood studios this year, Sony Electronics brass laid it on the line: They were going ahead with technology for the next generation
Hunting ban to be debated by MPs A ban on hunting with dogs in England and Wales is expected to be backed by MPs on Wednesday.
Life-Swapping Scenarios for Earth and Mars (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Evidence is mounting that \  the time-weathered red planet was once a warm and water-rich world. And a Mars \  awash with water gives rise to that globe possibly being fit for habitation \  in its past - and perhaps a distant dwelling for life today.
Boots sales get a drenching HIGH-STREET retailer Boots reported a cooling in sales growth yesterday after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
Sorenstam Leads ADT Championship by One (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam has nothing left to prove this year. She has won seven times, claimed another major and went over the  #36;2 million mark for the fourth consecutive season. But that doesn't mean she came to the ADT Championship to relax.
Mortgage lending hits 12-month low The chances of another rise in interest rates faded today as mortgage lending slowed to its lowest level for a year during August.
Microsoft braces for EU anti-trust appeal hearing US software giant Microsoft said Monday it will abide by whatever ruling is handed down by a European appeal court hearing due this week against an EU condemnation for abusing its market dominance.
Dell, AOL Team Up in Schools Initiative (AP) AP - Dell Inc. and America Online Inc. announced a partnership Monday to provide 5,000 low-income students with free refurbished personal computers and a year's worth of Internet access.
Nationals Open Shop A 1,000-square-foot gray trailer in the parking lot of RFK Stadium serves as the first retail outlet fans can get Nationals gear.
Queens crash blamed on co-pilot The co-pilot of an airliner which crashed in New York in November 2001 made a fatal error, an inquiry finds.
Rebel groups boycott Dardur talks Rebel groups walked out of peace talks with the Sudanese government in Abuja, Nigeria, Saturday in protest of alleged attacks in the Darfur region.
Sony Plans Portable Blu-ray Disc Drives New component could allow players small enough to fit in notebook PCs.
The Populist Approach Ever since the start of the second Chechen war, the Russian leadership, and President Vladimir Putin in particular, have been terribly fond of saying that we are waging war against international terrorism in Chechnya.
Bomb rocks southern Thailand on eve of PM visit, 19 wounded A bomb ripped through a food market in Thailand #39;s troubled Muslim south injuring at least 19 people, including police and soldiers, on the eve of a visit by the prime minister, said the police.
Blockbuster ending late fees at company-owned stores Blockbuster Inc., the largest US video-store chain, will stop charging late fees at its company-owned stores to try to stem three consecutive quarters of declining sales and fend off a challenge for customers from Netflix Inc.
FaganFinder Search Engine Launches URLinfo FaganFinder Search Engine Launches URLinfo\\Another great tool from Michael Fagan via his already VERY useful Fagan Finder search page. Michael pinged us today to inform us about his new URLinfo resource that makes finding info about a specific web page/site from a variety of sources just a click or two ...
Hamm Retains Olympic All-Round Gold American gymnast Paul Hamm will keep his Olympic all-round gold medal after the Lausanne-based Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejected Thursday an appeal from South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young.
In a Matchup Against Youth, Age Triumphs Tennis's onetime ""It"" girl met up with the weary one of the present, and Mary Pierce, wiser and calmer at 29, prevailed over the 17-year-old Maria Sharapova.
Siemens launches new unit to focus on end-to-end systems  Synergy was the word Siemens AG used several years ago when it talked about combining its carrier and enterprise network and mobile phone businesses under one roof. Then the company spun off these operations into separate divisions to be able to focus -- it said -- more closely on customers' individual needs. Now the manufacturer is pulling everything back together and the buzzwords are end-to-end systems and convergence.
Rwanda to delay deploying extra troops to Darfur by one week &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rwanda will delay sending troops to Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region by about a week because preparations have not been made to quarter the soldiers, an official said Saturday.
PayPal Makes Amends for Recent Outage (AP) AP - Online payment service PayPal said it will essentially waive transaction fees for some customers on Thursday to make amends for the inconvenience caused by about five days of intermittent service outages earlier this month.
AL Wrap: Texas Completes Sweep of Oakland  NEW YORK (Reuters) - David Dellucci's two-run double in the  bottom of the ninth inning helped the Texas Rangers complete a  three-game sweep of the Oakland Athletics with a 5-4 win in the  American League at Arlington Thursday.
Supreme Court to take P2P case update The US Supreme Court on Friday said it would hear a controversial case on whether file-sharing software companies could be held legally responsible for copyright infringement on their networks.
Content Management Systems and SEO - A Powerful Mix Content Management Systems and SEO - A Powerful Mix\\Search Engine Optimization revolves around providing useful, unique content on your website and making sure that search engines can find and understand it easily. 'Organic SEO' as it is called, puts emphasis on optimizing hundreds of keyword rich content pages as 'spider-bait' ...
Phishing Without a Lure While the victims of the latest phishing technique may not have to click on a link to be victimized by the effort to steal information, the attack is similar to traditional phishing scams because
Coleman, Holmes play role reversal Free safety Marcus Coleman expected to be chasing All-Pro running back Priest Holmes around on the field Sunday. Coleman returned an interception a franchise-record 102
More tests for exhausted Radcliffe Paula Radcliffe is to have another medical check-up as a row brews over the marathon's scheduling.
Despite Rout, Auburn Remains 3rd Wheel Auburn gained a measure of respect in the eyes of Associated Press pollsters for its 24-6 rout of Georgia on Saturday, but it wasn #39;t enough to vault the Tigers ahead of Oklahoma for second in the Bowl Championship Series standings.
Mahatma Gandhi inspires new Canadian rights museum (AFP) AFP - Mahatma Gandhi's long walk through history has paused in an unlikely spot -- the central Canadian prairie city of Winnipeg.
Currencies: Dollar firms on euro amid EU warnings NEW YORK The dollar firmed against the euro on Tuesday, finding support from a growing chorus of European officials expressing concerns over the rapid ascent of their currency.
Broadhurst advances as Baker fails Paul Broadhurst is in the hunt for his first European Tour win for nine years after adding a 65 to his opening 67 in the Madrid Open yesterday.
Canas Advances to Shanghai Open Final (AP) AP - Guillermo Canas booked his third finals appearance of the season with a 6-1, 6-2 victory Saturday over Jiri Novak at the Shanghai Open.
NASA Picks Swede Launch Site for Giant Balloons By TOMMY GRANDELL    STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) -- NASA has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern Sweden, a spokesman said Tuesday.    To launch them, the Swedish Space Corp., which owns Esrange, has signed a \$1.32 million contract with the Swedish construction company NCC to double the size of the present launch pad...
Holes yet to be covered The Patriots worked out former Super Bowl MVP Dexter Jackson Monday, according to the NFL's daily personnel notice, but by last night the safety had agreed to terms with his former team, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Padres Sign Williams and Blum  ST. LOUIS, Mo., (Sports Network) - San Diego signed pitcher  Woody Williams and infielder Geoff Blum on Wednesday to  one-year, free-agent contracts.
Olympics-Rowing-U.S. Eight Beats Canada to Set World Best Time  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat Canada in a world  best time to qualify for the final of the men's Olympic eights  race Sunday, as the two crews renewed their fierce rivalry in  front of a raucous crowd at Schinias.
Open-Source Copyright Conflict Heats Up (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - A quick resolution to the Mambo open-source copyright dispute seems unlikely now that one of the parties has rejected an offer for mediation.
Debugging the Megahertz Myth Most, if not all, of you have read or been in heated debates over why or why not higher clocked microprocessors are better than their  quot;comparable quot; competition.
Golf: Bohn, Ellis open with 63s at Michelin Championship LAS VEGAS, United States : Danny Ellis and Jason Bohn fired rounds of 63 to lead after the first round of the four million dollar PGA Michelin Championship.
MySQL to make use of Microsoft code The code, which was open-sourced in April, will be used for the administration tool that connects to the MySQL database.
Pacers officials back banished players (AFP) AFP - Indiana Pacers officials backed their players as the National Basketball Association rang with recriminations in the wake of a violent brawl between Pacers players and fans in Detroit.
Mutu set to meet Juve officials Romania striker Adrian Mutu, banned for seven months for taking cocaine, is to hold talks with Serie A leaders Juventus, an Italian club official says.
Dubai airport building collapses At least five workers die as a site under construction at Dubai airport collapses, trapping workers.
Microsoft gets a fashion makeover Design specialists dream up Media Center PCs that look more like furniture.
Konstantinos Kenteris: Glorious past, uncertain future MITILINI, Greece Inside the pint-size community theater here, on a street hugging the Aegean Sea, the party was to begin at sundown.
Four years older, and wiser THE Sydney Paralympics brought record ticket sales, television ratings, a new batch of sporting heroes. And then, without warning, came the shame.
Top Marsh exec resigns Jeffrey W. Greenberg yesterday resigned as chairman and chief executive of embattled Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. and said that the firm will announce  quot;significant reforms quot; today, a move that avoids criminal prosecution of the insurance broker.
Musharraf wants India to meet Pak halfway PTI Lahore Nov 20: Visibly unhappy at Indias assertion that it would not accept redrawing of the borders in Jammu and Kashmir, the Pakistan President, General Pervez Musharraf today accused New Delhi of adopting a patronising attitude, dismissing
Iraqi prime minister to seek election reassurances from UN chief (AFP) AFP - Iraq's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said he would seek an explanation from UN chief Kofi Annan for his attitude to Iraq's elections when they meet on Friday at the United Nations.
CBS Says It Can't Vouch for Bush Documents CBS admitted today that it cannot vouch for the authenticity of documents used to support a story that questioned President Bush's National Guard service.
Conrad Black #39;s troubles Conrad Black has had one of Canada #39;s most colourful business careers. But his fortunes have taken a tumble in the last 18 months.
Mounting pressure on Khartoum by our Internet desk, 14 September 2004. The European Union has renewed its threat of sanctions against the Sudanese government unless it takes action to disarm Arab militias threatening refugees in the western Darfur region.
Earthquake Jolts Northern Italy, Injuring 9 An earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the Richter scale shook northern Italy from the Tyrrhenian to the Adriatic seas in the night to Thursday, causing panic and injuring at least nine people.
Half a Mil and Climbing December 01, 2004 - Only a week on the market, and Nintendo #39;s dual-screen handheld is a huge success...at least according to the company and its sales numbers.
UN Panel Unveils Sweeping Reform Proposal A high-level UN panel has issued a sweeping series of recommendations on how to reform the world body to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Advocaat new Gladbach boss GERMAN side Borussia Monchengladbach today named former Dutch boss Dick Advocaat as their new manager. Advocaat, 57, signed a contract with the five-time German champions until June 2007 and takes over from Holger Fach who was sacked six days ago.
Bush selects Kellogg executive to head Commerce Department President Bush announced Monday the nomination of Kellogg Co. Chairman and CEO Carlos Gutierrez to be secretary of Commerce, calling him  quot;an experienced manager and an innovative
The Successor to Greenspan Has a Very Tough Act to Follow Nominating a successor to Fed chairman Alan Greenspan could be President Bush's biggest economic decision next year.
Laptop swiped at security show The laptop of a security firm salesman was stolen yesterday at a major IT security conference in London. The portable computer belongs to identity management firm -- and sponsor for the event -- Netegrity, and
Kobe Rebounds From the beginning, Eagle County, Colo., district attorney Mark Hurlbert insisted that the sexual-assault charge he filed against Kobe Bryant had nothing to do with the celebrity of the Los Angeles Lakers #39; star.
UK hostage's 'release sabotaged' The brother of Ken Bigley, the British hostage held in Iraq, says the US has ""sabotaged"" his possible release.
Browns Coach Butch Davis Resigns After Fifth Straight Loss Butch Davis resigned as coach of the Cleveland Browns after a five-game losing streak dropped the team into last place. Davis, 53, compiled a 24-36 record in almost four seasons with the Browns.
Russia Says It Can Hit Militants Abroad (AP) AP - Russia has the right to carry out pre-emptive strikes on militant bases abroad, Russia's defense minister said Sunday, citing the school hostage crisis. He said Moscow and the United States see eye to eye on fighting terrorism.
Encinitas student wins national science prize ENCINITAS ---- San Dieguito Academy #39;s Aaron Goldin on Monday was awarded the \$100,000 individual grand prize in a prominent national science competition for his invention of a device that could potentially capture the nearly unlimited energy generated by
Dell, Microsoft make a patch pact for servers Dell and Microsoft have launched a joint development project to improve the management of Dell servers with Microsoft software. The two companies said Monday that they have integrated their respective management
Two dead in Japan as typhoon wreaks havoc Typhoon Tokage hit western Japan today, killing at least two people and snarling transport as it lashed the country with heavy rains that set off landslides and forced thousands to evacuate.
Arabs sent home from Afghan hunt US troops expel a group of Arab businessmen visiting Afghanistan to hunt a rare species of bustard.
Ireland blocks 13 countries after net scams THE REPUBLIC of Ireland is to block direct dial telephone calls to 13 countries in an effort to crack down on growing internet scams.
US new home sales, loan supply to fall-Fannie CEO US new home sales and new mortgage supply are expected to fall in 2005, but will still run near historically high levels, said Franklin Raines, chief executive officer at Fannie Mae (FNM.
Tokyo Stocks Edge Up, Techs Regain Ground (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo stocks edged up on Thursday as tech\issues bounced back after their U.S counterparts made gains,\but car firms such as Honda Motor Co. Ltd. were a bit lower,\hurt by a fall in U.S. industry sales for August.
Cricket crisis: Reform or face the music Indian cricket and crisis seem to be made for each other. Such are the ways of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) that the sport continues to lurch from one crisis to another.
Thousands attend funeral of murdered cleric Police fired tear gas and shots in the air to disperse angry Sunni Muslims today after thousands of mourners joined the funeral of a prominent pro-Taliban cleric gunned down on a busy Karachi street.
Mortgage marathon -- lower payments, more of  #39;em What medical advances have done for life expectancy, the mortgage industry is doing for borrowing -- making it last longer. In case a 30-year loan seems just too short, here comes the 40-year mortgage.
Truly 'Magical' Tandem Steve Francis and Grant Hill combine for 54 points to guide the climbing Magic over the 76ers, 105-99, on Saturday night.
Scientists: New Planets May Take Longer It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that
Microsoft #39;s pirate-check trial Microsoft has introduced a new, optional trial as part of the Windows download website. The Windows Genuine Advantage program asks visitors to the site whether it is okay for Microsoft to check whether they
Woods Seizes First Strokeplay Title of Year  MIYAZAKI, Japan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods picked up his first  strokeplay title of a difficult year when he romped to an  eight-shot victory at the Dunlop Phoenix tournament on Sunday.
American sprinter banned for life American sprinter Jerome Young was banned from competition for life Wednesday by the United States Anti-Doping Agency. For the second time, Young tested positive for a banned
Tennis: Federer celebrates Roger Federer struggles to come to terms with winning his third Grand Slam of 2004 at the US Open.
China keeps tight rein on credit China is planning to extend official policies clamping down on credit into 2005, to try to keep the economy from boiling over.
Bryans hope for Davis Cup title The season once held so much promise. There were gold medal dreams, Grand Slam possibilities and aspirations of continued dominance.
Hitachi TVs to pick up Gemstar technology Gemstar-TV Guide and Hitachi announce a multiyear deal to bring program guides to digital TVs.
Man Builds 7 foot Grandfather Clock from Lego Grotius writes  quot;As reported in CNET, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the court that hears patent appeals) heard oral argument in an appeal from a \$565 million award against Microsoft for infringing patent rights held by the
Rouse Sale Ends Independence of Unique Visionary The \$7.2 billion sale of The Rouse Co. marks the end of a fiercely independent real estate and shopping mall company that oversaw America #39;s 20th Century migration from
Team of doctors flown to Ramallah to treat Arafat There are reports from the Palestinian territories that the health of leader Yasser Arafat is deteriorating. There has been concern in recent weeks about the Palestinian Authority head #39;s health was worsening
Microsoft Unveils Version of Music Store (AP) AP - On the face of things, Microsoft Corp.'s online music service looks a lot like the market leader, Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes.
Mayfield gears to make move The odds are stacked against him, but Jeremy Mayfield will do all he can to win his first Nextel Cup title starting with today #39;s Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway.
Turkey Agonizes on Cyprus as Last EU Hurdle Turkey agonized over pressure to recognize Cyprus in the last hurdle to an historic agreement as EU leaders held a crucial summit on Thursday on opening membership talks with Ankara.
Golden Ball for Shevchenko AC Milan striker Ukrainian Andriy Shevchenko won the Golden Ball awardas as the best European footballer in a poll of journalists from 52 countries.
Tiger #39;s #39; caddie: Woods will return to top of his game A swing change, not romance, caused Tiger Woods to drop to No. 3 in the world rankings. That #39;s the opinion of Woods #39; caddie, Steve Williams, who predicts a revival next year.
EBay buys top Dutch classified-listings site Online auction powerhouse eBay Inc. has scooped up Dutch classifieds Website Marktplaats.nl as part of an effort to expand its classifieds trading activities and grow internationally, it said Thursday.
U.S., EU Trio Agree Iran Nuke Resolution --Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States compromised with  France, Britain and Germany on a toughly-worded U.N. nuclear  resolution on Iran that calls for an immediate halt to Tehran's  uranium enrichment program, a Western diplomat said.
IMF #39;s Rato says US should cut budget deficit WASHINGTON : The United States should cuts its fiscal and trade deficits, while Europe and Japan should take steps to boost economic growth, IMF managing director Rodrigo Rato revealed.
Hewitt serves notice heading to Open When you are as emotional as 24-year-old Luis Horna of Peru, things like courtside noises, forehands that drop off the net cord, and which ball you choose to serve with matter.
Fearing Prosecution by Kremlin, Top Executives of Yukos Leave Russia Top executives at the Russian oil giant Yukos, including the company's American chief executive and chief financial officers, have left the country.
Buccaneers Hold Off Chiefs 34-31 (AP) AP - The Tampa Bay Buccaneers found a way to beat the Kansas City Chiefs. They simply outscored them. Michael Pittman scored one of his three touchdowns on a team-record 78-yard run and Tampa Bay held off the Chiefs 34-31 Sunday, giving the Bucs consecutive victories for just the second time since they won the Super Bowl two years ago.
IBM marks end of an era Two decades after it virtually invented the personal computer industry, IBM yesterday sold out to the Chinese government. The deal, which IBM hopes will leave
Lycos Anti-Spam Attack More Powerful than Intended ZDNet UK reports that Lycos Europe #39;s in-your-face anti-spam promotion may have been more effective than it intended. Ostensibly designed to slow but not take down spam servers, the  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; distributed
New Zealand Opening Batsman Richardson to Retire From Cricket New Zealand batsman Mark Richardson said he will retire from cricket next week after a Test career in which he averaged more than 44 runs an innings.
China's Huawei deploys its first U.S. mobile network Chinese network equipment manufacturer Huawei Technologies is beginning to make inroads into the U.S. mobile telecommunications market about three years after establishing a subsidiary here.
US to change Iraq funding focus The US administration seeks to refocus its spending in Iraq on better security and other short-term needs.
Biologists Call Tropical Forest Protection (AP) AP - Fearful that growing pressure for development could cause the loss of vital plants and animals, biologists and conservationists are trying to rally new interest in protecting tropical forests and the keys they may hold for vital medicines.
Ford commits to long-term participation in WRC Ford of Europe today announced a major commitment to the World Rally Championship. The Company has entered into a four-year agreement with Malcolm Wilson #39;s British
Law pays tribute to record-breaking Ruud Manchester United legend Denis Law led the tributes to Ruud van Nistelrooy after the Dutchman broke his club record for goals in European competition.
Parmalat sues US bank CSFB Italian food giant Parmalat is pushing ahead with plans to sue its former auditors by taking CSFB to task over a bond deal back in 2002.
Shell Scraps Dual Ownership  LONDON/AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Oil major Royal Dutch/Shell  Group &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RD.AS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RD.AS&lt;/A&gt;&lt;SHEL.L&gt; plans to move to a unified corporate  structure, ditching a century-old dual-ownership system blamed  for contributing to a reserves overbooking scandal.
Comcast Says in Talks to Buy Adelphia  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Comcast Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CMCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CMCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  it is in talks with Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TWX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt; to explore a  possible deal to acquire bankrupt cable company Adelphia  Communications Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;
Rowing: Pinsent looks beyond fifth gold towards bright future With characteristic eloquence and humour, the 34-year-old quadruple Olympic rowing champion yesterday announced his widely-predicted decision to retire, thus laying to rest the question that
Yanks closer due back for ALCS PANAMA CITY, Panama Yankees reliever Mariano Rivera will return to the club in time for game one of the American League Championship Series against Boston Tuesday night.
Sony PSP Debuts To Strong Sales The fight for the top of the portable gaming mountain has begun in earnest in Japan. Following up Nintendo #39;s highly anticipated DS launch, Sony has launched their version of a portable gaming system, the PSP.
Internet Explorer loses browser market share to young pretender Open Source browsers are continuing to eat into the market share of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer. According to market analysts WebSideStory, Internet Explorer held 92.
Intel Silent on Jayhawk Replacement Chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual-core server processors.
Kuwaiti firm bows to kidnappers' demands, stops work in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The Kuwaiti firm which has seven truck drivers held hostage in Iraq has decided to halt operations in the troubled country, bowing to the kidnappers' condition for their release, it said.
Turnout Is Heavy for Election in Hong Kong Throngs of residents headed for polling places here on Sunday in legislative elections widely seen as a referendum on relations with mainland China.
Lawmakers Ask Fannie To Explain Tainted Funds Three House Financial Services subcommittee chairmen yesterday called on Fannie Mae to answer allegations  that the company failed to blow the whistle on a mortgage fraud scam and accepted \$6.5 million that it knew had been swindled from a government agency.
Palestinian poll race tight Two of the first opinion polls since nominations closed for the Palestinian presidential election show a tight race between the establishment candidate, Mahmoud Abbas, and the imprisoned military commander, Marwan Barghouti.
Newsday Replaces Top Editor  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tribune Co.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; Newsday  newspaper, which got a new publisher in July after a  circulation scandal, on Tuesday replaced its top editor, Howard  Schneider, who was in the job for about a year.
Dow Jones Buying MarketWatch for \$519 Million Yes Virginia, there is money to be made in web publishing, especially stock market and trading news! The news will invigorate bloggers and news publishers everywhere.
Philippine Flood Toll Hits 29, Survivors Hunt Rats (Reuters) Reuters - Philippine rescue teams\evacuated thousands of people from the worst flooding in the\central Luzon region since the 1970s as hungry victims hunted\rats and birds for food.
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Slip A slight pullback in oil prices is giving stocks an early-session boost. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 21 points in today #39;s early going.
Brown accused of  #39;baby bonds bribe #39; A treasury plan to distribute baby bond vouchers worth almost 1 billion weeks before the likely date of the next election was condemned by the Tories last night as a  quot;cynical bribe quot;.
Israel Pulls Back Forces in Northern Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israel pulled most of its\forces out of the northern Gaza Strip Saturday after a four-day\incursion it said was staged to halt Palestinian rocket attacks\on southern Israeli towns.
IBM #39;s Power5 beast takes on Sun, HP - and IBM Come November, customers will see the Power5-based p5-590 and p5-595 servers hit the market. The 32-way 590 is a direct replacement for the current Power4-based p690.
Yukos cuts output to save money Russian oil producer Yukos is cutting back its production and slashing its expenditure, as the company battles for survival.
Storm Death Toll Rises to 622 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll from a tropical storm that devastated parts of Haiti rose to 622 late Monday as search crews recovered hundreds of bodies carried away by raging weekend floods or buried by mud or the ruins of their homes, officials said.    The bodies of at least 500 people killed by Tropical Storm Jeanne were filling morgues in Gonaives, according to Toussaint Kongo-Doudou, a spokesman for the U.N...
More than thirty miners killed in China blast At least 33 miners have been killed in a gas explosion at a Chinese coal mine northern Shanxi province. 71 miners were in the mine when the blast exploded, the officials said.
Singhs win topples Tiger from top Vijay Singh of Fiji, right, smiles at Tiger Woods on the 18th green after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston on Monday in Norton, Mass.
BA to sell Qantas stake; analysts see alliance shakeup LONDON : British Airways (BA) said it would sell its 1.1 billion Australian dollar (770 million US) stake in Australia #39;s Qantas in a move seen as likely to fuel a major realignment of airline alliances.
Moderate Earthquake Shakes Eastern Taiwan (AP) AP - A moderate earthquake jolted eastern Taiwan on Thursday, the Central Weather Bureau said, but no damage or injuries were reported.
Davidson #39;s F1 test with Williams in limbo According to some reports, Honda are prepared to put their foot down on Davidson #39;s planned outing with the rival F1 team next month in Jerez, Spain.
E-Vote Fears Soar in Swing States The Bush and Kerry campaigns, along with a range of advocacy groups, are concerned with the integrity of voting technology -- particularly in the states where votes matter most. By Jacob Ogles.
Putin visits site of school hostage crisis (AFP) AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin made a pre-dawn visit to pay his respects to the 250 dead and hundreds of wounded from a horrific battle between security forces and heavily-armed militants holding 1,000 hostages at a school.
Lonard retains Australian Open title Peter Lonard won his second straight Australian Open title on Sunday with a come-from-behind 68 to win the championship by one stroke over Stuart Appleby.
EU Extends Review of Microsoft Deal (AP) AP - Software giant Microsoft Corp. and the media and entertainment powerhouse Time Warner Inc. ran into fresh trouble with the European Union on Wednesday as antitrust regulators ordered an in-depth probe of their deal to collaborate in making anti-piracy software.
DC #39;s baseball win official Proclaiming it a great day in Washington, Mayor Tony Williams confirmed Wednesday afternoon that Major League Baseball is returning to Washington.
Red Hat patch update a malicious hoax An e-mail disguised as a Red Hat patch update is a fake designed to trick users into downloading malware, the Linux vendor warned in a message on its Web site.
Jose Pekerman takes over as coach of Argentina One-time taxi driver Jose Pekerman took over as coach of Argentina on Thursday, replacing sudden quitter Marcelo Bielsa. Pekerman, who presided over Argentina #39;s youth programs
Time for Red Sox to say goodbye to Pedro? So Pedro Martinez slipped off to Tampa for a brief, none-too-secret rendezvous with George Steinbrenner. Was this supposed to make Theo Epstein and the Red Sox brass jealous?
Durable Goods, Lower Oil Lift Stocks NEW YORK - Stocks edged higher Friday as a dip in oil prices and a satisfactory report on durable goods orders cheered investors at the end of a losing week.    In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 27.14, or 0.3 percent, to 10,066.04...
Mets, Benson make deal official Omar Minaya officially locked up Kris Benson for the next three seasons on Monday, but the Mets general manager couldn #39;t say for certain whether Al Leiter would join him in the rotation in 2005.
N.D. Conducts 5-Year Study on Pronghorns (AP) AP - The state Game and Fish Department is in the first year of a five-year radio collar study to learn more about pronghorns.
Turkish PM Heads to EU Summit on Confident Mood  ANKARA/STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Prime Minister Tayyip  Erdogan voiced confidence on Wednesday that Turkey would win a  date for opening long-delayed European Union entry talks at a  landmark summit of the bloc's 25 leaders this week.
Wal-Mart Predicts Weak Dec. Sales as Retailers Falter (Update7) Sales at US retailers rose less than forecast at the start of the holiday season as Federated Department Stores Inc. and Limited Brands unexpectedly posted November declines.
Acer revs new Ferrari notebook The device is part of the Taiwanese computer maker's ongoing attempt to re-establish itself in the U.S. market.
For most part, bunch of lightweights NEW YORK -- With any luck, Don King's lightweight heavyweight elimination tournament tonight at Madison Square Garden will achieve its goal. It will eliminate a few heavyweights from further consideration as title contenders.
Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Subscribers to Moveon.org #39;s mailing lists may have found their interest in the anti-Bush political site a matter of public record.
Putnam Investments to eliminate 100 jobs BOSTON -- Putnam Investments said Monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Jayasuriya pummels Pakistan Opener Sanath Jayasuriya hit an epic double hundred yesterday to put Sri Lanka in command after four days of the first Test against Pakistan at the Iqbal Stadium.
Calif. Panel Weighs Greenhouse Gas Plan for Cars (Reuters) Reuters - A plan to require automakers to\cut greenhouse gas emissions from cars and trucks by about 30\percent is expected to be approved on Thursday by the\California Air Resources Board, backers and opponents said.
Chinese Prosperity Seen as Threat to Endangered Wildlife Many endangered species are under threat from growing prosperity in China, where exotic animals are butchered for gourmet banquets, exotic medicines or luxury goods.
Digital sales honour for OutKast OutKast become the first act to be awarded a multi-platinum award for paid-for music downloads.
Report-Lehman Near Deal on Enron Lawsuits  NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; is close to settling a class action lawsuit for \$220  million stemming from allegations that it colluded with other  brokerages to mislead Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; shareholders, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Woman claims Costco discriminates against female managers SAN FRANCISCO An assistant store manager at Costco filed a federal civil rights suit today in San Francisco. Shirley  quot;Rae quot; Ellis alleges she was passed over for a promotion because the retail chain #39;s policies discriminate against women.
459 sued for file-sharing in Europe, 28 in the UK The European music industry today announced a major crackdown against file-sharing, the practice of sharing copyrighted songs over the internet using networks like Kazaa, with the filing of 459 suits against file-swappers, 28 of whom are British.
Agreement lets MGM survive merger with Sony Under a definitive agreement reached Thursday by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. and a consortium led by Sony Corporation of America, MGM will continue to operate as a private movie-making company
Arab network says ten new hostages seized in Iraq The Arab TV network Al-Jazeera is showing footage of six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian women. The Islamic Army in Iraq is claiming responsibility.
Australia tells Indonesia preemptive strikes  #39;unlikely #39; SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister John Howard assured Indonesia on Tuesday that Australia is unlikely to launch a preemptive attack on its neighbor to take out a terrorist target.
Founder's Son Resigns from Robert Mondavi  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Winemaker Robert Mondavi Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOND.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MOND.O&lt;/A&gt;, in the process of recapitalizing by eliminating the  controlling voting rights of the Mondavi family, said on  Tuesday that Michael Mondavi had resigned as an officer and  vice chairman.
FCC to Allow Wireless Access on Planes (AP) AP - Passengers taking to the skies for U.S. flights could be checking e-mail and surfing the Web through high-speed Internet connections in a couple of years. And the day when travelers can chat away on cell phones while in flight might not be far behind.
Deutsche Bank to axe 1,920 jobs Germany's biggest banks is to cut 1,920 positions over the next two years as part of an ongoing reorganisation.
Nepal Maoists kill soldier, kidnap six policemen KATHMANDU, Aug 22: Maoist rebels killed a soldier, bombed government offices and kidnapped six policemen in a raid on a district headquarters in Nepal #39;s far northwest, police said on Sunday.
Florida Asks Why So Many Hurricanes This Year Sept. 10, 2004 - One has to go all the way back to 1964 to find a year when Florida had three major hurricanes. Lyndon B. Johnson was in the White House.
Latest China Mine Blast Kills 33  BEIJING (Reuters) - A gas explosion at a coal mine in the  northern Chinese province of Shanxi killed 28 miners and five  rescuers, the government said on Friday, in the latest in a  grim series of similar disasters.
Israeli president urges Syria dialogue Israeli President Moshe Katsav has urged the government to respond positively to a Syrian offer to resume peace negotiations. Although Katsav #39;s role is largely ceremonial, his comments on Thursday were in
For D.C, This May Be It The Washington area's 33-year effort to acquire a Major League Baseball team has produced plenty of agonizing near-misses.  There is a good chance that won't happen this time.
Iraqi Unrest May Delay Elections, Officials Warn (Update2) Elections in Iraq scheduled to take place by Jan. 31 may be postponed because of continued widespread violence or a coordinated boycott by Sunni Muslims, US and Iraqi officials said.
Halo 2 for Xbox HALO 2 has shipped and it is now very clear which game is will dominate the Xbox this silly season. Bungie #39;s latest is a real winner.
Drugs penalty too soft CHELSEA has reacted furiously to Adrian Mutu #39;s seven-month ban for failing a drugs test. Blues chief executive Peter Kenyon accused the Football Association of going soft on the sacked Romania striker, who was also fined \$50,000.
Drugstore Offers New Wave of Disposable Cameras (Reuters) Reuters - Pharmacy chain CVS Corp. on Thursday\said it would offer the world's first disposable digital camera\with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to\instantly preview pictures.
Getting wine online For many wine aficionados, the most important case in years is about to be opened. On Tuesday, the US Supreme Court will hear arguments from small wineries and state regulators
Treasury Yields Near Lows, Oil Hugs Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury yields hovered near six-month  lows on Tuesday as investors bet rising energy costs would  handicap the economy and perhaps sway the Federal Reserve to  slow the pace of rate hikes.
Pfizer's Celebrex Lifts Heart Attack Risk in Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc. on Friday said its popular\Celebrex arthritis drug more than doubled the risk of heart\attack in a large cancer-prevention trial, a setback that comes\just weeks after Merck   Co. recalled its similar Vioxx drug\due to heart safety risks.
UPDATE 1-Tyco says to take charge for bond buy back Tyco International Ltd. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it repurchased \$350 million of convertible bonds, which will result in a fourth quarter charge of \$167 million
German offer sets bar at Stelco A GERMAN BANK #39;S \$900-million offer to refinance Stelco Inc. was approved yesterday as the benchmark bid for the restructuring Hamilton steelmaker by a judge, who challenged others to step up and prove
Bumper profits, but debt blows out By staff writers and wires. AUSTRALIAN company profits jumped 10.3 per cent in the June quarter thanks to robust consumer and business spending that will boost economic growth outcomes and the electoral prospects of the Howard Government.
Athletics: Crying shame for Radcliffe as marathon dream dies in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS - Paula Radcliffe #39;s entrance to the Panathinaiko Stadium was not supposed to have been like this. For four years she has dreamed of setting the final garland on an honour-strewn career by arriving at
Typhoon swipes Taiwan; shuts schools, businesses Howling winds and torrential rain lashed Taiwan on Monday as a rare autumn typhoon bore down on the island #39;s eastern shore, forcing schools and businesses in the capital and other regions to close.
O #39;Neill - dealt double blow. (Getty Images) Aberdeen manager Jimmy Calderwood admitted he had initially been angered by the four extra minutes which allowed his team a shock 3-2 win at Celtic.
US Airways follows Delta's lead, slashes managers' pay In a bid to survive and to persuade unions to accept deep pay and benefit cuts, managers at US Airways Group and Delta Air Lines are sharing some of the pain.
Oil Prices Slip as Supply Threats Ease  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slid toward \$49 a barrel  on Thursday after U.S. crude stocks rose unexpectedly and  rebels in Nigeria's oil-rich delta region agreed to a  cease-fire with the government, reducing an imminent threat to  supplies.
NBA Wrap: Mavericks Come Back to Beat Golden State  DALLAS (Sports Network) - Dirk Nowitzki scored 25 points  and grabbed 10 rebounds as the Dallas Mavericks overcame an  early 17-point deficit for a 101-98 overtime victory against  Golden State at American Airlines Center.
Eyes of Texas are upon them This may be Lone Star Park, but more than a few stars big and bright will be deep in the heart of Texas on Oct. 30 for the 21st Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships.
Hitachi debuts new high-end storage line New TagmaStore plays well with rivals' arrays to keep watch over 32 petabytes of data.
Sponsors to Return to Masters Next Year Augusta National Golf Club will restore commercials to the Masters next year, lifting the ban on advertising it imposed in 2003.
Elite US eights entry hits wall CAMBRIDGE -- Princeton Training Center (i.e. the US national team) nearly had the men's championship eights won in one of the Head of the Charles Regatta's most prestigious races yesterday.
US jobs growth slows in September The US created 96,000 jobs in September, a slowdown from the previous month, in the last major figures before November's election.
Ex-Shell chief Watts demands public tribunal to clear his name The former chairman of Shell, Sir Philip Watts, is to take the main City regulator, the Financial Services Authority, to a public tribunal to try to clear his name over the oil giant #39;s reserves scandal.
US Airways pilots to resume talks on pay cuts -NYT The pilots union of bankrupt airline US Airways (UAIRQ.O: Quote, Profile, Research) failed over the weekend to agree to a new round of pay cuts and will resume its deliberations on Tuesday, the New York Times reported.
Officials Say 78 Died After Thailand Riot (AP) AP - At least 78 people have died following a riot in southern Thailand, many of them by crushed and suffocated after they were arrested and packed tightly into trucks, officials said Tuesday.
UPS to buy Menlo arm from CNF NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- United Parcel Service is buying Menlo Worldwide Forwarding Inc., a global freight-shipping business and subsidiary of CNF Inc.
Cassini set to pierce moon's haze The Cassini spacecraft is set to reveal the closest views yet of Saturn's moon Titan, when it makes a close pass of the satellite on Tuesday.
PM Koizumi creates cabinet post, taps former FSA head TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi Monday reshuffled his Cabinet with the hope of drastically reforming Japan #39;s massive postal savings system the way some credit his administration with turning around banks #39; bad loan problem.
Chiefs go on the offensive, 56-10 When they arrived Sunday at Arrowhead Stadium, the Chiefs had much more modest goals than setting NFL rushing touchdown records.  quot;I just thought about wanting to be part
Energy Secretary Gets Mixed Reviews at Los Alamos Los Alamos employees like the University of California #39;s benefits, its academic reputation and the chance to send their children to UC at in-state prices.
CRTC hearings explore need to regulate Internet voice services GATINEAU, Que. (CP) - Are Internet phone calls a new frontier or just a technological tweak for an old service? That was the question before the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission
Federer gains second round at Thailand Open Top-ranked Roger Federer reached the second round of the Thailand Open on Tuesday in a bid for his 10th title this season, winning 6-4, 7-6 (4) against France #39;s Nicolas Thomann, who is ranked 507th.
US Dollar Falls Against the Yen The dollar fell against the yen and the euro in Asia on Monday for the first time in three sessions as US hedge funds and Japanese exporters resumed selling the greenback on concerns about US economic imbalances.
Iran Rejects Kerry #39;s Nuclear Proposal Iran has dismissed a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry, that Tehran be provided nuclear fuel if it agrees to give up its fuel-making capabilities.
In Kmart #39;s Deal for Sears, a Bet That Real Estate Can Trump &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Kmart purchase of Sears, Roebuck may be the ultimate expression of that old saying in real estate: location, location, location.
Violence exposes Shi'ite divisions BAGHDAD -- Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash that underscored the increasingly vitriolic and open split within the Shi'ite Muslim community.
Can IBM  quot;Change the Game quot; in Storage? Big Blue, now No. 3 in this hot market, is launching a new product line that has the potential to shake up the industry. Over the past four years, IBM (IBM ) used its engineering chops to take the lead in the
S P-500 Reaches Post-9/11 High Point Stock market investors celebrated another drop in oil prices on Thursday, driving the broad Standard   Poor's 500-stock index to its highest point since Sept. 11, 2001, and pushing the blue chip Dow Jones industrial average back into positive territory for the year.
UPDATE 2-Italy Treasury makes 7.5 bln euros from Enel sale The Italian Treasury has raised 7.5 billion euros (\$9.5 billion) from the sale of almost 20 percent of utility company Enel (ENEI.
US stocks mostly lower on disappointing Wal-Mart sales forecasts Wall Street stocks moved mostly lower Monday on a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. as investors worried that oil prices would cut consumer spending and hurt companies #39; third-quarter profits.
Numbers Game for Schumacher Ferrari and Michael Schumacher were savouring yet another world championship today after a milestone weekend for both team and driver.
Ryder Cup Just One More Disappointment for Woods If Tiger Woods has endured a more challenging year as a professional golfer, he cannot recall when that was.
Court Denies New Trial for Hockey Death (AP) AP - The state appeals court Thursday declined to allow a new trial for a father convicted of beating a man to death at their sons' hockey practice.
IBM Extends Chip Performance with Germanium Layering Technique IBM today said it has demonstrated a technique that triples the performance of a standard semiconductor transistor with a process that is compatible with conventional CMOS technology.
Trojan Uses Beckham to Entice According to anti-virus firm Sophos, there are quite a few messages posted about pictures of Beckham with a woman in an enticing position.
Baseball Owners' Vote on Expos Move Delayed  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Owners of Major League  Baseball's more than 30 teams did not vote as scheduled  Thursday on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos franchise  to Washington, DC.
N Europeans take more sickies Workers in Germany, the Netherlands and Finland take the most time off for sickness in Europe, a survey suggests.
Israel army kills Jihad militant The Israeli army has shot dead a member of militant group Islamic Jihad in the Gaza Strip near a border crossing with Israel, security sources say.
Arizona Diamondbacks Team Report - September 23 (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks and Colorado Rockies will finish a three-game series with a doubleheader today at Coors Field.
Astros ready for some good home cookin #39; (Sports Network) - The Houston Astros won a franchise-record 18 straight games at Minute Maid Park to end the season and now will lean on their home crowd on Saturday for Game 3 of their National League Division Series against the Atlanta Braves.
Ex-NetScreen CEO joins start-up The former CEO of NetScreen Technologies has moved on to a new upstart. Can he make the same magic work again?
PeopleSoft dips after rejecting Oracle #39;s latest bid SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - PeopleSoft shares fell in premarket trade Thursday after the company rejected Oracle #39;s latest takeover offer of \$24 a share, worth at least \$8.
2,500-Year-Old Pomegranate Found in Greece (AP) AP - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Bill adds 20,000 H-1B visas Exempts certain grads of U.S. schools from H-1B cap, requires firms to attest that H-1B worker will not displace U.S. worker.
Major I.T. Crash Hits UK Government Department (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A routine software upgrade of Microsoft-based desktop computers led to the crash of around 40,000 machines at the UK government's Department for Work and Pensions last week.
Clijsters to Return in Gaz De France (AP) AP - Virginia Ruano Pascual of Spain rallied past ninth-seeded Jelena Kostanic of Croatia 3-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4 Monday at the Gaz de France Stars, where Kim Clijsters will make her comeback this week from a five-month injury layoff.
1st US-Vietnam Flight in 30yrs Symbol of Closer Ties  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The first U.S. passenger flight to  Vietnam since 1975 shows bilateral ties are ""right on track""  between old battlefield foes who still spar over human rights  and trade, a Vietnamese spokeswoman said on Thursday.
Pilgrims die in bus plunge AT least 17 Muslim pilgrims died and 38 others were injured when a bus in which they were travelling plummeted into a deep ravine in eastern Pakistan, police said today.
Gilbertson to step down Washington coach Keith Gilbertson, above, will step down at the end of the season and end a difficult two years as Rick Neuheisel #39;s replacement.
Back to School for Wal-Mart The company backs September same-store sales growth forecast as back-to-school sales finally pick up.
Dexia formally abandon's merger plans with Italy's Sanpaolo (AFP) AFP - French-Belgian bank Dexia said  that it has decided to terminate its plans to form an alliance with Italian bank Sanpaolo IMI.
Drug labels to reflect suicide link WASHINGTON - The Food and Drug Administration plans to update antidepressant labels to reflect studies that suggest a link between the drugs and suicide in youths.
Federer Seals Year-End No. 1 Spot Three Months Early  LONDON (Reuters) - It is mid-September and Roger Federer  has already guaranteed he will end the year as world number  one.
Woodgate re-injures thigh during scrimmage Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid and English international defender Jonathan Woodgate re-injured his left thigh during practice Thursday.
Congress Finishing Up  #36;338B Spending Bill (AP) AP - White House and congressional bargainers sorted through a final pile of disputes Friday on an overdue  #36;388 billion spending bill that would slice President Bush's priorities and curb a wide swath of programs.
China Refuses Entry to Hong Kong Politician Chinese authorities have refused to let a pro-democracy politician from Hong Kong visit Shanghai. The incident occurs just two weeks before an election that is being seen as a test of support for the city #39;s democracy movement.
PINOCHET LOSES LEGAL IMMUNITY Chiles former President General Augusto Pinochet has been stripped of his legal immunity following a ruling by the countrys Supreme Court.
London Denies Mutilated Woman Corpse is of Margaret Hassan The mutilated body of a woman of about sixty years, which was discovered in Iraq in the middle of November, is not that of kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan, the UK Foreign Affairs Ministry announced.
Spector indicted for murder Pop producer Phil Spector is indicted on a charge that he murdered an actress at his home 19 months ago.
Softening in Northern Ireland The British and Irish Prime Ministers, Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, at talks in London, appear to have pushed Northern Irelands reluctant politicians some way to a restoration of devolved government in Belfast.
B.C. doesn't have to pay for special autism treatment: Supreme Court (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The British Columbia government does not have to pay for a  costly early childhood treatment for autism, the Supreme Court of Canada said Friday.
An Ivorian economy  #39;fatally hurt #39; PARIS One week after a fragile calm returned to Ivory Coast, the country #39;s business life remains in shambles, with many foreign chief executives out of the country and no prospect of their immediate return.
UK co joins bid to launch satellite mission China is actively taking part in international co-operation in Earth observation satellites, to study meteorology, natural resources, environment surveillance and other civil
High Court To Decide File-Sharing Case NEW YORK - Who should be held responsible for the use of peer-to-peer software program to trade copyright music and video files on the Internet?
Open-source IP Telephony slashes costs &lt;strong&gt;LinuxWorld:&lt;/strong&gt; Linux guru predicts 'next big thing'
Kit Automates Holiday Lights It's a chore that can quickly chill the warmth of the holiday season: Trudging outside each winter night to unplug the lights, deflate the blowup snowman and shut off the rest of the outdoor extravaganza.
French Troops Fire to Disperse Ivory Coast Protesters  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French troops in Ivory Coast's main  city of Abidjan fired into the air on Monday to disperse  thousands of demonstrators massing to support the West African  country's President Laurent Gbagbo.
Activists to promote Buddha's birthplace as 'world peace city' (AFP) AFP - Buddhists from around the world will gather in revolt-hit Nepal this month to consider ways to promote Buddha's birthplace, Lumbini in the country's southwest, as a  quot;world peace city. quot;
Canadian defense minister travels to Britain over crippled sub affair (AFP) AFP - Canadian Defense Minister Bill Graham will be in Britain Monday, one day after the British-built Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi was towed to port in Scotland after it was crippled five days earlier by an electrical fire off the coast of Ireland.
Blockbuster Ends Late Fees, Sees Flat  #39;05 Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it would eliminate late fees on movies and games in the latest attempt to jump-start a rental business
Tackling The Pros: Play Hardball You don #39;t have to hit Major League Baseball or its Players Association over the head with a bat for them to take baseball #39;s drug problems seriously.
Vodafone finally launches 3G mobile London-based Vodafone has finally rolled out its mass-market third-generation (or 3G) mobile telephone services after a four-year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays.
United Airlines CEO Sees Significant Job Losses  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The head of United Airlines parent UAL  Corp. said on Thursday the airline's restructuring plan would  lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was not yet  clear how many.
Novell Releases Updated SuSE Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company unveils SuSE Linux Professional 9.2, which features wireless networking support, at LinuxWorld Expo in London, and says it will deliver its desktop Linux software by the end of the year. Also, HP's head of Linux says advances in security and high-performance computing are pushing Linux into new realms.
Computer Associates to acquire Netegrity in \$430 million all-cash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
Recovered Mourning looking for buyout from Nets Alonzo Mourning is back with the New Jersey Nets, but he would rather not stick around. The veteran center, who came out of retirement after a kidney transplant gave him a second chance on life, has asked
Party Leader Hopeful on Ulster Talks A deal to dismantle the IRA and revive Northern Irelands power-sharing administration is taking shape, SDLP leader Mark Durkan claimed today.
J.C. Penney Posts Second-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Department store operator J.C. Penney\Co. Inc. (JCP.N) on Tuesday posted a second-quarter profit,\reversing a year-earlier loss, helped by inventory controls and\strong department store sales.
Miami Heat Team Report - November 13 (Sports Network) - The Heat suffered a 93-84 loss to the San Antonio Spurs on Friday night at the SBC Center. Shaquille O #39;Neal had 23 points and 21 rebounds for Miami, which played without star guard Dwyane
San Francisco at San Diego, 10:05 PM SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- The San Francisco Giants resume their fight for a playoff spot in the second game of their series with the San Diego Padres, who are on the verge of being eliminated from the race.
French hostage crisis drags on, Iraq #39;s northern oil exports halted BAGHDAD : France held its breath for two of its reporters kidnapped in Iraq, while the war-torn country #39;s ailing economy was dealt a massive blow after a key export pipeline suffered its biggest post-war attack.
Wounded Pilots Land Norway Plane After Axe Attack An Algerian-born man attacked two pilots and a passenger with an axe on a domestic Norwegian flight on Wednesday in an unexplained assault that police said could be linked to his asylum status.
Pakistanis Freed from Guantanamo Land in Home Jail (Reuters) Reuters - Thirty-five Pakistanis freed\from the U.S. Guantanamo Bay prison camp arrived home on\Saturday and were taken straight to prison for further\interrogation, the interior minister said.
Boeing deal makes skies friendly for WiFi users CHICAGO : The Boeing Company #39;s Connexion unit has teamed up with iPass Inc. to offer in-flight Wi-Fi access so  quot;road warriors quot; can go online at 30,000 feet, the companies said in a joint statement.
Army Captain Sues U.S.  To Block Iraq Deployment   NEW YORK, Oct. 23 -- An Army captain sued the government Friday to block his pending deployment to Iraq, saying he resigned in June after completing eight years of service in the Army and Army Reserve.
Intel Says It's Recovered from Missteps  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; will  miss  its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely  publicized string of product delays and problems, but those  missteps are largely behind it now, the world's largest chip  maker said on Tuesday.
THECHAT &lt;em&gt;  Gene Simmons and his tongue came to Richmond International Raceway last weekend to promote three KISS-themed NASCAR vehicles and a line of die-cast collectible replicas.&lt;/em&gt;
Oil prices pause for breath after two-day rout London - Oil prices edged lower on Friday after a two-day rout that saw the value of crude drop 12 percent amid easing fears over a northern winter supply shortage, traders said.
PepsiCo Net Rises 35; Frito-Lay to Cut 780 Jobs (Update5) PepsiCo Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 soft- drink maker, said third-quarter earnings increased 35 percent, boosted by sales in Asia and lower taxes.
Economy grows at 3.3 rate in Q2 The US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 in the spring, the government reported Wednesday in the final revision to second-quarter gross domestic product.
Thai Airways To Finance 14 New Planes Mainly By Borrowing BANGKOK (Dow Jones)--Thai Airways International PCL (THAI.TH) plans to fund the planned purchase of 14 new aircraft, worth a total of 96.
Hoeppner new coach at Indiana Hoeppner has been the coach at Miami (Ohio) since 1999 and was an assistant at the school for 13 years before that.  quot;We talked to some terrific coaches throughout our search, but
THIS WEEKS COLTS OPPONENT Colts.com. Synopsis: The Colts, in their first game of the season, will play the team they faced in their last game last season: the New England Patriots.
Putin lays wreath at Akhmad Kadyrov #39;s grave TSENTOROI, Chechnya. Aug 22 (Interfax) - Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in the Chechen village of Tsentoroi on Sunday morning and laid a wreath at the grave of former Chechen president Akhmad Kadyrov.
Fish agency lets dams off hook Columbia River Basin dam operations don #39;t jeopardize imperiled salmon and steelhead, according to a new biological opinion released Tuesday by the National Marine Fisheries Service.
Israeli Cabinet approves compensation plan for uprooted settlers JERUSALEM The Israeli Cabinet has approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.
McDonald #39;s 3rd-quarter earnings rise McDonald #39;s (MCD) third-quarter earnings rose a higher-than-expected 42 on a preliminary basis, the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said Wednesday, citing strong sales in the United States and a lower tax rate.
PalmOne pushes out Treo update New top-of-the-line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.
Nintendo moving into online within 3 to 4 years - Miyamoto Comments attributed to Nintendo #39;s Shigeru Miyamoto in this week #39;s Famitsu magazine indicate that the company is planning to bring its systems online within a three to four year timescale, with DS leading the way.
Tszyu takes great satisfaction from Mitchell beat-down By Paul Upham, ringside in Phoenix, and pic by Tom Hogan: Undisputed junior welterweight champion Kostya Tszyu entered the post-fight media conference with a beaming smile on his face.
Live: Ryder Cup The 35th Ryder Cup starts at 1310 BST on Friday, when the opening fourball match between the USA and Europe is set to tee off at Oakland Hills, Detroit.
DoCoMo unveils prototype micro fuel cell for 3G handsets TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo on Thursday unveiled what it calls the nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
Top Enron official pleads guilty Enron's ex-head of investor relations pleads guilty to fraud, pays a penalty of \$1.49m and agrees to testify against his ex-bosses.
Microsoft Tests MSN Messenger 7.0 Updated chat client allows users to send more personalized messages.
Latham condemns PM #39;s rates  #39;scare campaign #39; Opposition Leader Mark Latham has accused Prime Minister John Howard of running a scare campaign after Mr Howard warned interest rates would rise under Labor.
Increased Sales Power Tool Company Profit  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Black   Decker Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BDK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BDK.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported a 51 percent increase in third-quarter  profit, topping estimates, as sales and profit margins improved  in power tools and home hardware.
Swing and a Miss for Asteroid Telescopes spy the closest asteroid flyby ever recorded. Also: European astronomers find a 'super Earth' 300 trillion light years away.... and did DOS trickery foil the Spirit rover? By Amit Asaravala.
Kerry, Bush exchange blows over Iraq as president addresses UN (AFP) AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry on Tuesday renewed his pointed attacks on President George W. Bush's handling of Iraq, accusing him of failing to  quot;level with the world's leaders quot; about the war during his speech at the United Nations.
Marathon leader attacked, but result stands Brazilian Vanderlei de Lima was tonight involved in the first high-profile security breach of the Olympic Games as a spectator watching the mens marathon accosted the long-time race leader.
GPS Used to Track Teens' Driving (AP) AP - Retired Gen. Tommy Franks has signed on to be the spokesman for a company that uses global positioning system technology in teens' cell phones to let parents know how fast they're driving.
Federated betting on Macy #39;s name In a widely anticipated move, Federated Department Stores Inc. announced yesterday that it would convert all of its regional department stores to the Macy #39;s name.
Santa's Bag of Tech Mergers 'Tis the season for mergers, as technology firms go on a buying binge this holiday season that is starting to rival the great M A spree of the 1990s. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
OPEC Warns Oil Supply Cuts Needed for 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC oil producers said Thursday that\Friday's ministerial meeting would rein in oversupply to\bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce\output quotas early next year.
#39;Keep your mouth shut #39; London - Angry Newcastle boss Graeme Souness on Tuesday told fiery Welsh striker Craig Bellamy to keep his mouth shut after the Geordies #39; coach found himself on the receiving end of a four-letter tirade at Charlton at the weekend.
Ford Posts Profit But Loses Money in Cars  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as strength in  its finance arm once again offset a loss in its automotive  business.
Sorenstam #39;s putt sets up big pay day LA QUINTA, Calif. - Annika Sorenstam calmly sank a short birdie putt on the ninth hole, earning a hug from Tiger Woods. Her putt kept \$250,000 in play in the Skins Game.
Dell CEO says they are considering AMD I have decided to pay attention to this subject one last time, at least until Dell finally releases either desktop PCs or servers equipped with AMD processors.
Microsoft Expands Lower-Cost Windows XP Program To India Microsoft is expanding its experimental Windows XP Starter Edition program to India, the company disclosed on Wednesday. It #39;s the second such announcement from Microsoft this week.
Warning over Internet Sales of Fake Viagra Half of the Viagra tablets bought on the internet could be fakes, research suggested today. Researchers analysed samples of the impotence drug bought online using
Top Russian Official: Plane Terror Likely MOSCOW - A top Russian official acknowledged on Thursday what many citizens already suspected - that terrorism was the most likely cause of two jetliners crashing minutes apart, a feeling reflected in a newspaper headline warning that ""Russia now has a Sept. 11.""   Just a day after officials stressed there were many possibilities besides terrorism, presidential envoy Vladimir Yakovlev told Russia's ITAR-Tass news agency that the main theory ""all the same remains terrorism.""   He said the planes' flight recorders had not provided any clues to the disaster...
Loeb won #39;t take it easy despite lead WORLD champion Sebastien Loeb will not be taking it easy on the Rally Catalunya after taking the lead on the first day of the event.
Sutton #39;s Ryder Cup selections are solid MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- Hal Sutton will get second-guessed, which is the main by-product of the captain of Ryder Cup teams having two at-large selections and one month before the 35th version of the matches are played at Oakland Hills Country ...
Ex-Computer Associates Executives Indicted Two former top executives of Computer Associates International were indicted in Brooklyn on charges of accounting fraud, the Justice Department said today.
Intel #39;s Dual-Core Chips Debut SAN FRANCISCO -- Intel outlined its plans for a dual-core mobile processor and platform technology this week, but declined to provide any details about the dual-core future of its flagship Pentium 4 desktop processor.
Revamped art museum 'like teacup' The architect behind New York's revamped Museum of Modern Art likens it to a Japanese teacup.
Gamers snap up new Sony PSP Japanese gamers buy almost all of the first batch of Sony's new PlayStation Portable handheld console.
Rwandan troops enter Congo a Congolese minister has said, shortly after the Rwandan president said his forces may have launched an attack. region, where four million people have died in the past decade
Cambodia #39;s new king returns from China to take up throne Cambodia #39;s newly selected king returned from China on Wednesday to take up the throne after his father, outgoing monarch Norodom Sihanouk, abdicated earlier this month because of poor health.
Russia's Gazprom to Bid For Yukos Oil's Top Unit The nascent petroleum division of natural gas monopoly Gazprom will bid for the top production unit of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said Tuesday -- a widely anticipated move that could put the heart of the company into Kremlin-friendly hands.
NATO to send training staff to Iraq before year #39;s end: US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NATO will send military trainers to Iraq before the end of the year in response to appeals by Iraqi leaders for speedy action, US ambassador to NATO Nicholas Burns said Wednesday.
Dixons and Sainsbury #39;s interims reveal lower sales High street and shopping mall retail chain Dixons Group, the UK #39;s largest consumer electronics and equipment retailer, has warned that sales and profits have waned in the last quarter.
IBM #39;s New Storage Play IBM plans to announce today that it is getting into a fast-growing segment of the data storage industry that #39;s currently dominated by Hewlett-Packard.
Wells Joins Red Sox  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - The Boston Red Sox have  signed free agent pitcher David Wells. The deal is believed to  be for two years.
Consumers to See Notices on Check Changes In the next few weeks, consumers will start receiving notices from banks and other financial institutions about changes to their checking accounts.
October retail sales predicted to show strength A Merrill Lynch report out Friday is optimistic about stronger retail sales in October compared to a weak September. The report also singles out as a strong performer Kohl #39;s Department Stores, which entered
YOUR news source for Monday, September 27, 2004 NASHVILLE -- After Chris Brown #39;s 26-yard touchdown run that finally quenched the Tennessee Titans #39; touchdown thirst Sunday afternoon, it became apparent that quarterback Steve McNair was hurt.
QLT #39;s stock falls as US.panel reviews rival drug Shares of QLT Inc. (QLT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (QLTI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped 8 percent on Friday as investors waited for the outcome of a review of a rival drug
US airline launches first commerical flight to Vietnam since war America #39;s United Airlines has launched the first daily flight service to Vietnam from the United States since 1975. The flight represents the first such service by an American air carrier since the end of
Africa: Blair calls for action The Prime Minister made a passionate appeal to the developed nations to give the people of Africa more hope. Mr Blair was speaking at a summit in Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa of the Africa Commission, which
Web Hosting Through Windows Microsoft announced the Microsoft Solution for Windows-based Hosting Version 3.0 on Tuesday, touting it as a flexible, modular platform with new out-of-the-box services that enable users to roll out hosted offerings faster and cheaper.
US begins operation to hunt Taliban KABUL, Dec 11: The US-led military in Afghanistan has kicked off a new operation to hunt Taliban militants in their winter stronghold and force them to accept an Afghan government reconciliation offer, a US military spokesman said on Saturday.
Shell, Sinopec in China Retail Venture (Reuters) Reuters - Royal Dutch/Shell Group (RD.AS)\(SHEL.L) said it would jointly operate 180 gas stations in\China by the end of 2004, the second foreign oil major after BP\to enter the country's huge but tightly controlled retail\market.
Jon Stewart 'Crossfire' Feud Ignites Net Frenzy When comedian Jon Stewart blasted the hosts of CNN's ""Crossfire"" on the cable TV program, he ignited a frenzy of online activity.
Phishing Feeds Internet Black Markets Phishing is a growing form of online fraud that blends old-fashioned confidence scams with innovations in technological trickery. Today and Friday, washingtonpost.com explores the methods phishers use, how e-businesses are dealing with the problem and what phishing has done to its thousands of victims. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
U.S. Bombs Suspected Rebel Site in Iraq (AP) AP - U.S. aircraft bombed a suspected rebel safehouse Thursday in the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah, killing two people, the U.S. military and witnesses said.
Dow Average Futures Fall; Forest Labs Declines, Guidant Rises Dow Jones Industrial Average futures declined amid concern an upcoming report on manufacturing may point to slowing economic growth.
New department for Bruins strength coach For months, he's been a man without a team. Bruins strength and conditioning coach John Whitesides filled up some of the time helping defenseman Hal Gill rehabilitate from a broken foot suffered during the World Cup of Hockey. Now that Gill is healthy, Whitesides is working with the Wilmington Fire Department.
Furious Japan seeks action against NKorea for lying about &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO : Japan is enraged at North Korea for allegedly lying about the deaths of two of its citziens the Stalinist state kidnapped, with commentators warning the deception has set back the chances of reconcilation with the outside world.
FBI Tracks Potential GOP Protesters (AP) AP - With the Republican National Convention less than two weeks away, federal agents and city police are keeping tabs on activists and others they believe might try to cause trouble. They are making unannounced visits to people's homes, conducting interviews and monitoring Web sites and meetings.
Sudan Govt., South Rebels Pledge Peace by Dec. 31  NAIROBI, Kenya (Reuters) - The Sudanese government and its  southern rebel opponents signed a pledge Friday to complete an  agreement to end a 21-year-old civil war by December 31.
Delta to chop pay 10 percent Workers at struggling Delta Air Lines will see their pay cut by 10 percent, their health care premiums go up and their vacation time trimmed under a cost-saving plan announced Tuesday.
US FTC Sues Firms for False Weight-Loss Claims As part of a renewed effort to curb false weight-loss claims, the Federal Trade Commission said on Tuesday it has sued six companies that sold products ranging from cellulite cream to diet teas and patches.
Wolverines wake up late CHAMPAIGN, Ill. -- Michael Hart rushed for 234 yards and No. 14 Michigan rallied from a halftime deficit to defeat Illinois, 30-19, yesterday, sending the Illini to their 12th consecutive Big Ten loss. Hart ran for 127 yards and Max Martin added 60 yards rushing in the second half as the Wolverines (6-1, 4-0) kept the ball on the ground ...
Next generation of DVDs on track to replace today #39;s version Discs offering high-definition images using blue lasers likely will rule the market starting in 2005. By Jonathan Sidener. A pessimist might say that right about the time the last person on the planet buys
Cingular wraps up AT T Wireless acquisition WASHINGTON - Cingular Wireless LLC announced Tuesday that it completed a \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc., creating the nation's largest wireless carrier, following approval from two U.S. government agencies.
Maddox Knows How Rookie Quarterback Feels (AP) AP - Tommy Maddox can only stand on the sideline and watch Sunday as Steelers rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger runs the offense Maddox expected to run in Miami. Throws the passes Maddox expected to throw. Leads the team Maddox expected to lead.
Wake Forest edges Temple PHILADELPHIA -- Trent Strickland scored all nine of his points in the last nine minutes, and No. 6 Wake Forest made 5 of 6 free throws in the last two minutes to hold off Temple, 67-64, Monday night.
Toyota, Nissan Join to Standardize Car Electronics (Reuters) Reuters - Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co.\will join hands in a bid to save costs and create an\international standard for the software that operates a car's\electronic systems.
Troops Put Tough Questions to Rumsfeld (AP) AP - After delivering a pep talk designed to energize troops preparing to head for Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld got a little ""talking to"" himself from disgruntled soldiers.
Plans encourage full schedule; shuttle launch goal still mid-May NASA is studying the possibility of reducing the number of missions it will fly before retiring its three-orbiter space shuttle fleet, agency officials said Friday.
Cingular to Upgrade Data Network Cingular Wireless announced plans to upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads on many home broadband connections.
US defence secretary sidesteps India's concern over F16s for Pakistan (AFP) AFP - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met Indian leaders but sidestepped controversy after New Delhi urged Washington not to sell F-16 fighter planes to rival Pakistan.
Is Marsh #39;s board responsible for its troubles? The company is wrestling with its third scandal in just over a year, raising questions about whether board members were doing an adequate job.
Space Capsule Crashes in Utah The Genesis space capsule, which promised scientists potential clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth today.
Trio of Hot New Games Victimized by Piracy (AP) AP - A month before the video game's scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title ""Halo 2"" were already circulating on the Internet. It's had a lot of company lately.
Parmalat sues former auditors for at least \$10 bn LONDON, August 18 (New Ratings)  The insolvent Italian dairy food product company, Parmalat Finanziaria SpA (PAF.FSE), filed a lawsuit against its former auditors, Deloitte  amp; Touche and Grant Thornton, today, seeking damages of at least \$10 billion.
Second Olympic gold for Chinese Taipei : Olympics 2004 Athens  gt; Athens, Aug 26 : Chu Mu Yen Thursday collected the second Olympic gold for Chinese Taipei in the men #39;s 58-kg taekwondo final, minutes after Chen Shih Hsin had won the historic gold in the women #39;s 49-kg, reports Xinhua.
India's most wanted fugitive shot dead in police trap (AFP) AFP - India's most wanted criminal Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of more than 100 murders and on the run for decades, has been shot dead after driving into an elaborate police trap, officials said.
HP Revises Cluster Plans HP (Quote, Chart) is dropping its efforts to port some Tru64 Unix products to HP-UX with the help of storage player Veritas . The two companies announced a multi-year agreement Thursday that finds HP #39;s sales
Nortel warns it now expects 2004 revenue growth will trail its &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks shares fell Thursday after the troubled telecom equipment maker warned that its full-year growth in 2004 will likely trail the industry, rather than outperform its peers as the company has been predicting.
Former Invesco chief agrees to \$500,000 penalty, industry ban to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; explanation of market-timing, further attorney comment. Picks up last graf. Also moving on general news wires. DENVER (AP) _ The former chief executive of Invesco Funds Group has agreed to pay \$500,000 to
Microsoft Expands Windows Update Release (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the Windows XP operating system, but analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches.
Breaking Down the Orange Bowl Match-Up (AP) AP - Southern California and Oklahoma both have a Heisman Trophy winner at quarterback, an All-American tailback and swift defenses that run similar schemes. A look at how the No. 1 Trojans and No. 2 Sooners will match up in the Orange Bowl on Tuesday night:
2004 Adelaide Test and Taste Experience At the conclusion of the Second Trans-Tasman Test, New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming talked of his teams inability to withstand the best ever Test attack.
Lions don #39;t measure up Eagles too much for Detroit DETROIT - If this was a yardstick game, the kind a team measures itself by, then the Detroit Lions need some more of them. There were more than 36 inches of separation between the Lions and the Philadelphia
Microsoft releases seven  #39;critical #39; security patches Microsoft has issued ten new software security patches, seven of which are deemed so  #39;critical #39; that it is advising firms to download them immediately.
Qualcomm Has Eyes For Displays NEW YORK - Why would wireless chip company Qualcomm want to get into the display business? To do what it does best: license technology to mobile phone manufacturers everywhere.
French Connection sticks by FCUK Fashion chain French Connection says it is sticking with its controversial FCUK brand, after announcing a 12 percent increase in first-half profits.
Journalist Breaks Into Queen's Scottish Palace  LONDON (Reuters) - A journalist posing as a workman entered  a private area of Queen Elizabeth's official Scottish residence  in the latest breach of royal security, the newspaper behind  the stunt said on Friday.
Thomson, VeriSign to build content security service Thomson said Tuesday that it is teaming up with VeriSignto build a digital authorization and authentication service that promises to secure delivery of content such as movies, music, and games.
Nobel prize winner has ties to Geneva A Kenyan environmental activist whose children graduated from Hobart and William Smith Colleges was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in Norway today.
""Of Course It Was Poisoning"" Viktor Yushchenko talks to TIME's Yuri Zarakhovich about the attack on his life, who he believes did it, what he'll do if elected President of Ukraine, and what he thinks of Vladimir Putin's Russia
Quite a spread JAY, Vt. -- From the top of the gondola building, 4,000 feet up on the summit of Jay Peak, the rolling hills of the Northeast Kingdom fade into the distance of hazy summer air. The forestland of this mountain gives way to a patchwork of fields, barns, and silos, with white steeples marking a village green. At the base, brown ...
Cingular reported to be close to DoCoMo partnership TOKYOJapanese telecommunications giant NTT DoCoMo Inc. is reportedly set to join Cingular Wireless LLC in a partnership designed to unify third-generation wireless technology, according to published reports in Japan.
Briefly: Microsoft updates home PC package roundup Plus: LookSmart buys Furl.net...Pentagon expands access to voting site...Ad campaign touts multimedia cards...T-Mobile sells Sidekick II.
Sun, Microsoft Move Focus Of Linux Battle To Leader Red Hat Sun and Microsoft are using a common strategy to attack a common enemy--Red Hat. Sun President Jonathan Schwartz fired a major counteroffensive against Linux nemesis Red Hat by unveiling hefty discounts on
Almost! Inspired Beavers throw scare in USC before falling 28-20 Truly magical moments in college football history come only every so often, and Oregon State didn #39;t experience one Saturday night at Reser Stadium.
Mexico loses ground to China in exports For the second year in a row, US imports from Mexico lost ground to China, El Universal reports. The world #39;s largest economy, the United States, took 10.7 percent
Apple posts Security Update 2004-10-27 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Wednesday posted Security Update 2004-10-27. Also available for download through the Software Update system preference pane, the update ""delivers a number of security enhancements and is recommended for all Macintosh users,"" according to Apple. The release includes an updated version of Apple Remote Desktop v1.2.4 running on Mac OS X v10.3.
Vonage Dodges State Regulations The FCC decides that cable, phone and other companies offering internet-based phone services fall under federal jurisdiction. The company calls the ruling a victory for consumers.
Turnpike Opts Against Waiving Tolls Sunday November 27, 2004 - The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission says it lost 2 (M) million dollars on Wednesday when tolls were waived on the first day of the toll takers strike.
Another Patch Job From Microsoft The latest vulnerability to plague the world's largest software maker is a doozy, affecting its Windows operating system as well as its Office and developer tools programs. Microsoft says its patch plugs the leak.
Taking Inventory Of Analog Devices Credit Suisse First Boston lowered estimates for Analog Devices (nyse: ADI - news - people ) after the maker of integrated circuits provided disappointing guidance.
Rwanda threatens to attack rebels in Congo A senior Rwandan government official signaled Wednesday Rwandan troops will attack the Congo-based rebels by saying that Rwanda will do all possible to defend her nationals if attacked by the militia.
Walter Jones shows for practice, signs one-year deal KIRKLAND - The long-awaited return of left tackle Walter Jones finally happened this morning at Seahawks headquarters. Jones, who has been to the past three Pro Bowls, signed his one-year tender of \$7.
China to modernise rail routes Three overseas firms win contracts to improve speeds on China's intercity rail routes to ease freight bottlenecks.
NASA launches Swift, to track gamma rays WASHINGTON, Nov 20 (AFP) - NASA launched Saturday its Swift satellite, which will track huge explosions of gamma rays, the US space agency said.
Amphibians face extinction Washington - About one third of amphibians are under threat of extinction, according to researchers who carried out a global census.
Five Sports on Shortlist for Possible Olympic Games Inclusion  LONDON (Reuters) - Golf, rugby and squash are on a  shortlist of five sports to be assessed for possible inclusion  in the 2012 Olympics.
#36;12 Million Fine Against Cingular Upheld (Reuters) Reuters - The California Public Utilities\Commission on Thursday upheld a  #36;12.1 million fine against\Cingular Wireless, related to a two-year investigation into the\cellular telephone company's business practices.
U.S. Basketball Team Loses to Puerto Rico  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States lost their first  basketball match at the Olympics since 1988 on Sunday when  Puerto Rico gave them a shock 92-73 trouncing.
Rooney brought down to earth After a debut that was the stuff of fantasy, Wayne Rooney was introduced to the real Manchester United yesterday. The 18-year-old could have been forgiven for thinking that life
August sees 10 per cent spam drop August saw a 10 per cent drop in spam levels, according to email security company Messagelabs. The company said there was a sequential drop in spam with levels falling from 94.
US Wants No Warming Proposal The Bush administration has been working for months to keep an upcoming eight-nation report from endorsing broad policies aimed at curbing global warming, according to domestic and foreign
Portals, news sites, must improve customer satisfaction As far as keeping their customers satisfied, Web portals, search engines, and news and information sites in the U.S. continue to improve but still have work to do, according to a report released Tuesday.
Wolfensohn May Step Down From World Bank (AP) AP - James Wolfensohn said Sunday he anticipates bowing out in 2005 as World Bank president and not serving a third five-year term, but would do whatever shareholders ask of him.
Bumpy ride for a private rocket ship MOJAVE, California A test pilot returned successfully to Earth on Wednesday after a foray into space that was marked by a white-knuckle ascent in which his rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in about 16 seconds and he had to fight to regain control.
Lan switch sales looking good for 2004 Despite a decline of two per cent in the second quarter of 2004, the global market for local area network (Lan) switches remains up 23 per cent year over year, the latest market research from IDC has found.
Investor tries to block Abbey deal Abbey National faces a high court challenge to its 9bn takeover by Banco Santander Central Hispano because of concerns about criminal charges faced by executives of the Spanish bank.
Vijay breaks \$10m mark Already having set a single-season record for prizemoney, he became the game #39;s first \$10m man as the \$900,000 first prize pushed his 2004 earnings to \$10.
Ruiz, Byrd retain belts in heavyweight fight card at MSQ New York, NY (Sports Network) - John Ruiz retained his World Boxing Association heavyweight title with a controversial but unanimous decision over Andrew Golota on the  quot;The Battle for Heavyweight Supremacy quot; fight card at Madison Square Garden.
MSN Extends Overture Paid-Search Deal Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN division has extended its sponsored-links contract with Overture Services Inc. for another year. ADVERTISEMENT.
Scottish driver David Coulthard signs for Red Bull for 2005 season Scottish driver David Coulthard signed a one-year contract with Red Bull Racing for the 2005 Formula One season, the Austria Press Agency reported on Friday.
Airlines may incur US\$5bil loss this year GENEVA: International airlines are heading for a near US\$5bil loss this year, largely due to the rise in oil prices, the industrys global body said on Tuesday.
Lofty Fuel, Low Fares Batter Airlines The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in the third quarter, leaving three of the top four US carriers to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.
Yahoo Q3 Profit More Than Triples The increase reflected a continued boom in online advertising, as well as a windfall that Yahoo realized from selling part of its stake in rival Google Inc. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
DreamWorks sets \$23-\$25 a share IPO DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. set its planned initial public offering on Tuesday at 29 million Class A common shares at an estimated price of \$23 to \$25 per share, which could bring in more than \$600 million for the company.
Britain #39;s Idea to Rock Out The first vending machines to sell music downloads will be introduced in London next month as Britons continue to turn their backs on traditional methods of buying singles.
Trip for Clean Water Kits Proves a Tortuous One By the time the first truckload of clean water solution reached the refugee camp in Desa Rueng Bakjok village on Sunday, about 50 of the 1,000 people living here on muddy ground under plastic tarps were suffering from dehydration and diarrhea.
Iraq's Chalabi Escapes Assassination, Arrest  BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - Ahmad Chalabi has survived again.  Just after escaping an attempt to kill him Wednesday, he said  an Iraqi court had dropped charges that could have put him in  jail.
Kahne grabs Dover Busch Motorsport.com. Kasey Kahne grabbed the Bud pole for the Stacker 200 Saturday at Dover International Speedway. It marks Kahne #39;s second consecutive pole (he also started
Gay Marriage Issue Motivates Conservatives (AP) AP - Gay marriage is emerging as a big enough issue in several states to influence races both for Congress and the presidency.
Delayed Starbucks music stores finally debut CD-burning stations located inside Starbucks Corp. stores finally made their debut in Seattle Monday after six months of design and other delays.
Witness says Marine hit, kicked prisoner CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. -- A Marine sergeant kicked an aging, overweight Iraqi in the chest out of anger and frustration when the handcuffed and hooded prisoner failed to follow orders, a guard at the same detention facility testified yesterday.
Workers to Wield Linux RFID Devices (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - RFID deals are really flying at the Frontline show. In one agreement, Linux handheld terminals will come together with wireless emulation for the enterprise. Through another, three IT firms will support Beaver Street Fisheries' bid to move RFID a step beyond mere compliance.
NCAA, NABC Address College Hoops Issues (AP) AP - It wasn't hard for college basketball coaches to get to know NCAA president Myles Brand. He went and met them.
N.Korea Says Blast Part of Hydro-Electric Project  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said Monday last week's  explosion in its remote northeast was part of a hydro-electric  project, the BBC quoted the North's foreign minister as saying.
Coolbrands Cuts Year-End Profit Outlook  TORONTO (Reuters) - Coolbrands International Inc., the  maker of frozen desserts, cut its profit outlook for fiscal  2004 on Tuesday, because of a decision to take a noncash charge  related to stock options.
Blog reading explodes in America About 32 million people in the US read a blog in 2004 but less than half of Americans know what a blog is, says a survey.
Pitcairn Mayor 'Led Rape' on Island - Prosecutor  SYDNEY (Reuters) - The trial of seven Pitcairn Island men,  descendants of the 18th century Bounty mutineers, began  Wednesday with the mayor the first to face charges of rape and  underage sex, pool reports said.
Singh on Top of the World After Deutsche Bank Win  NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Fiji's majestic Vijay  Singh took over as world number one from playing partner Tiger  Woods after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship by three  strokes at the Tournament Players Club Monday.
Cingular, ATT Wireless merge after clearing last hurdle (AFP) AFP - Cingular Wireless Corp. announced it had completed a 41-billion-dollar takeover of AT and T Wireless after winning final clearance from US regulators.
Hamas warns against leadership that excludes it The Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) warned on Thursday that any preparations to form a new Palestinian leadership without the participation of Hamas would be illegal.
Mortgage rates increase Mortgage rates around the country went up last week, although 30-year mortgages still were below 6 percent for a sixth straight week.
DUP sets out demands ahead of Kent talks Visual proof of IRA decommissioning; a list of all IRA weapons destroyed; a complete end to republican paramilitary activity, and fundamental changes to the Good Friday agreement are all demands being made by the Rev.
Symantec will buy Veritas for \$13.5B Symantec Corp. will buy Veritas Software Corp. in an all-stock transaction, the companies announced Thursday. Based on Wednesday #39;s closing stock prices, the deal values Veritas at around US\$13.5 billion, they said.
Two off as Real #39;s misery continues MADRID, Spain -- Real Madrid #39;s week of misery continued when they suffered a 1-0 defeat at Espanyol, finishing with nine men after the dismissals of Walter Samuel and Michel Salgado.
Astros, Red Sox, Yankees Win In Baseball Playoffs Clemens, who couldn #39;t pitch the season finale for Houston because of a stomach virus, pitched seven strong innings to help the Houston Astros to a 9-3 win over Atlanta in the first game of their National League Division Series.
Google Sued by Pornography Publisher Over Image Search Google Sued by Pornography Publisher Over Image Search\\Porn publisher Perfect 10 Inc. sued Google for copyright infringement last Friday, accusing Google of failing to  remove from its search results thousands of photos posted online (on non-Google sites)without permission from Perfect 10. The lawsuit, which was filed in U.S. District ...
EU Holds Out Prospect of End to China Arms Embargo The EU told China on Wednesday it was not yet ready to end its 15-year-old ban on selling it arms, but suggested the embargo could be lifted in early 2005 despite opposition from human rights groups and Washington.
Teleportation goes long distance Physicists have successfully teleported particles of light over a distance of 600m across the River Danube in Austria, the journal Nature reports.
Briefly: TiVo hires marketing chief roundup Plus: Jail time for California swappers?...Microsoft updates home PC package...LookSmart buys Furl.net.
Packers Edge Lions, 16-13 (AP) AP - The Green Bay Packers only led for two seconds Sunday, and that was enough to keep their stranglehold over the Detroit Lions, who haven't won in Wisconsin since 1991.
BCS: Auburn stuck at 3; Texas closing in on Cal com. With less than one week to go until the release of the final BCS standings, USC and Oklahoma are all but assured of going to the Orange Bowl if they both win their final games Saturday
US Congress Sends Bush Corporate Tax Bill The US Senate easily gave final congressional approval on Monday to a huge corporate tax bill that aims to end a trade fight with the European Union by repealing US export
Sun-Times, Union Reach Tentative Deal (AP) AP - The Chicago Sun-Times averted a strike Wednesday with a last-minute contract deal that was reached as union reporters, copy editors and other news staff were prepared to walk out.
TSA Widens Airline Passenger Searches  Airport security screeners will begin more thorough pat-downs of some passengers later this month in an effort to prevent terrorists from sneaking aboard commercial aircraft with explosives under their clothing.
Yen Weighed Down by Rising Cost of Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen sank to a four-month low against  the euro and a six-week low versus the dollar on Tuesday as  investors fretted that soaring oil prices could jeopardize  Japan's economic recovery.
A Sociologist With an Advanced Degree in Calamity Kathleen Tierney, a disaster researcher, says that catastrophes change the way people experience time.
Federer enters record books with US Open win Federer was close to perfection as he raced through the first set in 18 minutes, dropping only five points. Hewitt fought back winning a tie-break in the second, before Federer stormed through the third to
US to appeal against WTO ruling The United States will appeal a World Trade Organisation (WTO) ruling that US cotton subsidies violate international trading rules, charging that the verdict was based on erroneous findings.
78 Die in Military Custody in Thailand At least 78 people were suffocated or crushed to death after being arrested and packed into police trucks following a riot in southern Thailand over the detentions of Muslims suspected of giving weapons to Islamic separatists, officials said Tuesday.
Smuggled Ancient Egyptian Artifacts Return Home (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt on Monday showed off some of the\619 ancient artifacts smuggled out of the country in the late\1990s and repatriated from London last week.
Black gets share of Telegraph windfall Hollinger International confirmed in court papers that it is planning to distribute some of the proceeds from the sale of the Telegraph Group to shareholders, a move that
Scobee Kicks Jaguars Past Packers 9-7 (AP) AP - Josh Scobee's confidence grew with every kick. So did his chances of becoming the Jacksonville Jaguars' kicker.
Competition is sight for Clement The Red Sox are one of seven teams that have an offer on the table to righthander Matt Clement , who came up in the Padres' system with Theo Epstein and remains one of the most attractive pitching options left on the market despite a career record under .500.
49ers notes: Rattay #39;s forearm is sore again Bee Staff Writer. SANTA CLARA - The 49ers were hoping to return from their week off with a roster full of healthy bodies. Instead, they went through Wednesday #39;s practice with their most
Microsoft wins Smart Tags case A jury decides the Office technology doesn't impose on another software maker's patent.
Crazy Horse Kin Want Strip Club Renamed (AP) AP - Descendants of the native American warrior Crazy Horse want a change in the famed Paris strip club named after him.
Rovers #39; findings confirm water was on Mars On one side of Mars, NASA #39;s Spirit rover has found a mineral that solidly points to water activity. Meanwhile, the Opportunity rover has found confirmation
Microsoft to indemnify most users from legal threats In a bid to further differentiate itself from open-source rivals, Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday said it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers. The move, experts said, is great marketing but will have little impact on users.
Thirty killed in Gaza battle DAVID HARDAKER: In Israel #39;s deepest thrust into the Gaza Strip in four years of conflict, 30 people have been killed in a single day of combat.
Fashion on eBay eBay Style director Constance White joins Post fashion editor Robin Givhan and host Janet Bennett to discuss  how to find trends and bargains and pull together a wardrobe online.
NFL Wrap: Patriots Roll to 20th Straight Win (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Dillon rushed for 105 yards and\two touchdowns as the New England Patriots won their 20th\consecutive game, defeating the Seattle Seahawks 30-20 in
Weak employment report casts doubts over US economic strength WASHINGTON (AFP) - A weaker-than-anticipated report on the US labor market, showing just 112,000 jobs added in November, cast fresh doubts over the pace of growth of the world #39;s largest economy.
MS Portable Media Centers to ship mid-Sept Creative Technology will today begin shipping its anticipated Zen Portable Media Center in the US, with a UK roll-out in the middle of the month.
Computer meltdown baffles the experts Computer engineers were at a loss last night to explain why the Government had been hit by arguably the worst electronic meltdown in the history of Whitehall.
Clinton Talking, Taking Liquids NEW YORK - Former President Clinton was alert and talking on Tuesday, a day after undergoing a heart operation to bypass four severely clogged arteries.    Clinton remained in intensive care at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia and was ""resting comfortably,"" according to a statement by his office...
Greece 88, Angola 56 Greece avoided any suspense about whether it would advance by taking an 18-point halftime lead on the way to an 88-56 victory over Angola on Saturday night.
Fiat third-quarter net loss rises, operating loss is slashed MILAN : Troubled Italian automaker Fiat Auto reported an 11 percent increase in third quarter sales to 4.5 billion euros (5.7 billion dollars) compared with the same period last year and cut its operating loss 18 percent to 270 million euros.
Survivor's Mesmerizing Beat The ninth installment of the hit CBS reality series kicks off its tribal warring ways.
Gold Offer Loses Shine South African gold miner Harmony Gold Mining Company (NYSE: HMY) officially made its much-anticipated  quot;tender offer, Part I quot; yesterday, and received a remarkably lukewarm response from shareholders of rival Gold Fields Limited (NYSE: GFI).
Sign on to a new Microsoft standard? Why certainly, we #39;d love ... &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; So much for Microsoft #39;s Can-Spam proposal. Now you can add America Online to the growing list of ventures who #39;ve rejected a Microsoft-patent-encumbered and lawsuit-challenged anti-spam standard, Sender ID.
Amazon offers discount to A9 search users SAN FRANCISCO--Online retailer Amazon.com is offering a 1.57 percent shopping discount to registered users of its new A9 Web search service as a way to increase A9 use and promote sales on Amazon, the company #39;s Web site showed on Friday.
Intel: Half-billion on a chip Intel Corp. is on track to introduce the world #39;s most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said.
At Least 70 Killed in Iraq Attacks The worst attack was a car bomb explosion outside a police training center in Baghdad. At least 47 people, mostly new recruits, were killed and more than 100 wounded.
Institute offers data from atlas of mouse brain genome The Allen Institute for Brain Science has released a major chunk of data from its mapping of the mouse brain genome, hoping the information will help researchers understand how the human brain works.
MOTOGP NEWS Tamada takes final pole of 2004. Double race winner Makoto Tamada has taken the final pole position of the 2004 MotoGP season after leading a Camel Honda one-two in today #39;s tightly contested second qualifying session for the Valencia Grand Prix.
Time Warner to Pay \$210 Mln to Resolve Justice Department Probe Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s biggest media company, agreed to pay \$210 million to settle a US Justice Department probe into whether its America Online unit improperly booked advertising sales.
Federer Pulls Out; Dent, Srichaphan Lose (AP) AP - Roger Federer pulled out of the Swiss Indoors after hurting his left thigh in a practice session Tuesday, while Taylor Dent and Paradorn Srichaphan exited with upset losses.
Euro, oil saps German confidence Economists had forecast a drop to 94.8. The November business assessment index fell to 93.8 from 94.7 in October, while the business expectation index fell to 94.3 from 95.9 last month, Ifo said.
IHG sells 13 North American hotels InterContinental Hotels Group passed another milestone in its wide-ranging asset disposal programme yesterday when it sold 13 of its North American properties for \$425m (220m).
Google news site hit by access problems in China An effort by Beijing authorities to bar access to the Chinese Google News website would be a considerable setback for the US internet search company, which is seeking to expand its
Microsoft's Open Sesame Moment When you're a company under the watchful eye of governments around the globe for being the 800-pound gorilla of the computer industry, it helps to play nice.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Sadr Militia Still Controls Iraq Shrine -Witnesses NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Shi #39;ite fighters appeared still to be in control of a holy shrine in Najaf on Friday after Iraq #39;s interim government said it had overcome a bloody uprising by seizing the Imam Ali mosque without a shot being ...
Researchers Find New Species of Bird (AP) AP - Filipino and British wildlife researchers say they've stumbled upon what appears to be a new species of flightless bird found only on the tiny forested island of Calayan in the northern Philippines.
Abducted South Koreans' Kin Fault Seoul for Failure to Act Lee Min Kyo, a high school athlete, disappeared from a camping trip on the western shores of South Korea in 1977, leading his desperate parents to spend their life savings on a decades-long search that turned up no trace of their missing boy.
Boeing Posts Higher Profit, Raises Estimate Aerospace giant Boeing Co. reported a 78 percent jump in third-quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defense business, and raised its estimate for full-year profits due to a favorable tax outlook.
Drug 'could boost malaria fight' Scientists develop a synthetic version of a herb-based drug to treat malaria.
Howard #39;s anti terror teams rejected Malaysia has hit out at Australian plans to base counter-terrorism teams in Southeast Asia, saying it #39;s capable of dealing with any terrorism threat on its own.
Singh shoots for No. 10 this week Top-ranked Vijay Singh, Ernie Els, Tiger Woods and other top stars tee off Thursday in the Tour Championship in Georgia. Singh is shooting for his 10th victory of the year and sixth in his last eight tournaments.
IBM, Sony firm up Playstation Cell chip plans THE CELL CHIP which is the basis for the Playstation 3 will go into limited production next year, said IBM and Sony. It won #39;t go into mass production until 2006, but IBM will show off the chip at a chip conference in February next year.
Two killed in bomb blast south of Baghdad A car bomb has exploded in the Iraqi town of Suwayra, south of Baghdad, killing two people and wounding 10, the Interior Ministry says.
AOL Packaging New Security Features (AP) AP - America Online Inc. is packaging new features to combat viruses, spam and spyware in response to growing online security threats.
Did Dell Excel? Plus, Pixar ""stuns"" Wall Street, Tiffany's pricey elements, and charitable donation rules are changing.
European Leaders in Rome for EU Constitution Signing At an historic ceremony in Rome on Friday, European leaders signed the treaty establishing the EU Constitution. Before it takes effect, however, the document must be ratified by all member states -- a process expected to take about two years.
OPEC to Increase Oil Production OPEC members were expected to increase the cartel's production during a meeting Wednesday by 1 million barrels a day to meet the global demand for oil. But analysts contended that any decision by the group would likely have little effect on high oil prices.
Security Flaws Found in RealPlayer EEye Digital Security has uncovered new security holes affecting a wide range of RealNetworks #39; media players, the latest desktop-based bugs set to worry IT managers.
War Crimes Hearings to Begin for 4 Guantanamo Prisoners Four suspected al Qaeda fighters will be formally charged with war crimes this week as the US military opens the first legal hearings for foreign
New numbering system planned for internet calls Cheap telephone calls made using broadband internet connections came a step closer yesterday when Ofcom, the industry regulator, laid out its plans to help the take-up of the new technology.
Big things planned All the Bowl Championship Series hopefuls out there should take heart from some scores over the weekend: Fresno State, 45-21, over Kansas State; Boise State, 53-34, over Oregon State; and Utah, 23-6, over Arizona. None of the wins was a fluke. Fresno State has wins over Washington and Kansas State in consecutive weeks. Boise State has the longest winning streak ...
Ivorian president fires army chief Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo has fired his army chief of staff, Gen Mathias Doue, the BBC reported Saturday. Gbagbo hired Col Philipe Mangou, the field commander
Few Americans Buy Medicines Online, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - Few American adults have bought\prescription drugs via the Internet, despite rising drug costs\and increased pressure to import cheaper drugs from abroad,\according to a new study released on Sunday.
Dillon needed 1 to get 2 CLEVELAND -- In Corey Dillon's postgame interview with the media yesterday, the running back indicated he hurt his leg after he had gained 98 yards in the first half, but he wanted to go back in for 2 more yards and his seventh 100-yard game this season.
Mob sets Bangladesh train alight An angry mob set fire to a passenger train in central Bangladesh yesterday as they protested against a grenade attack on an Opposition rally that killed at least 18 people and injured hundreds.
Garnett crowns Kings MINNEAPOLIS - Kevin Garnett scored a season-high 35 points and added 18 rebounds with nine assists, helping the Minnesota Timberwolves rally to beat the Sacramento Kings, 113-105, last night.
For planners, procrastinators alike There are those who finish their holiday shopping by Thanksgiving. Then there are the rest of us. Here's a holiday gift guide for both planners and procrastinators.
Chad, US-Malaysian Oil Group Disagree Chad will appoint auditors to investigate oil production by a US-Malaysia consortium after President Idriss Deby #39;s office accused the companies of cheating Africa #39;s newest oil producer out of much-needed foreign currency, an official said Friday.
Israel blocking Arafat burial in Jerusalem Jerusalem - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed that he would block moves to bury Yasser Arafat in Jerusalem, public radio reported Thursday as medical sources said the Palestinian leader was clinically dead.
Telenor Boosts Hungarian Wireless Position Telenor will remain a key player in the Hungarian wireless market after it announced its Hungarian mobile arm, Pannon GSM, acquired a UMTS license in Hungary.
Kerry Questions Bush's Honesty on Health Care, Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic candidate John Kerry on\Tuesday sought the upper hand in his battle over character and\leadership with President Bush, by questioning his Republican\rival's honesty on issues from health care to Iraq.
Spammers get taste of their own medicine Internet users are being given the chance to hit back at the spammers that have become the scourge of the web, thanks to free software being distributed by Lycos Europe, the internet portal.
Grading the Jets Ineffective in the second half after a very good first half. Jerald Sowell, Kareem McKenzie, Pete Kendall and Kevin Mawae stood out in run-blocking, with Sowell, Kendall and Mawae doing a good job on linebacker Ray Lewis in the first half.
Manning Replaces Warner As Giants QB (AP) AP - Eli Manning has replaced Kurt Warner as the New York Giants' starting quarterback.
Gilchrist leaps to Warne #39;s defence Australia #39;s caretaker captain Adam Gilchrist has sprung to the defence of Shane Warne after the leg-spinner fell agonisingly short of becoming Test cricket #39;s leading bowler.
Mortgage Regulator To Keep Agency Job Armando Falcon Jr., director of the agency that regulates mortgage funding giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, appears likely to stay on the job past the expiration of his five-year term next month, though he submitted his resignation more than a year and half ago under pressure from the White House.
Dutch arrest 20 in training camp raid Dutch national anti-terrorism police today arrested more than 20 suspected Kurdish rebels at a paramilitary training camp in the southern Netherlands, according to reports.
Rescuers search for Sinai blasts survivors TABA: Rescue workers sifted through the wreckage of an Egyptian Red Sea hotel yesterday, hoping to find survivors after a series of three bombs targeting Israeli tourists in the Sinai Peninsula killed at least 33 people.
US tightens its grip on Mosul US and Iraqi forces recaptured police stations in the northern Iraqi town of Mosul yesterday as violence sweeping across the Sunni tribal areas claimed 20 more Iraqi lives.
Memorable Moments of Presidential Debates (AP) AP - The debates of 2004 may be remembered more for pained facial expressions than ringing words. Is there one line that will survive the week, never mind the ages?
Sony debuts PSP game console in Japan Sony said it will make half the console #39;s components, compared with 40 percent for the PlayStation 2, to set itself apart from competitors.
REGION: UNSC shouldnt take up Iran nuclear issue MOSCOW: Russia is against bringing up Irans nuclear programme at the UN Security Council and thinks the issue should be handled by the bodys nuclear watchdog, a top official said on Wednesday.
3G phones 'bad value' says Which? Consumer group Which? warns against buying 3G handsets in the UK due to a limited network.
Iran Completes Strategic Missile #39; Test, State News Agency Says Iran, the Middle East #39;s second- largest oil producer, has successfully completed testing of a strategic missile, #39; #39; the country #39;s official news agency reported, citing Iran #39;s defense minister.
French FM in Amman after Qatar talks, heartened by calls for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; AMMAN : French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier arrived in Amman for the second time in 24 hours after a visit to Doha, where he said he hoped the captors of two French newsmen in Iraq would heed widespread calls to free the pair, a diplomatic source said.
US finally gets on the board ST. PAUL, Minnesota - By keeping it simple, Team USA made head coach Ron Wilson look like a hockey genius last night. Not only did the Americans earn their first victory in the World Cup of Hockey tournament
Agreement Reached for Resolution on Iran's Nuclear Program U.S. and European negotiators agreed on a draft resolution meant to deprive Iran of technology used to make nuclear weapons.
TON-UP FLEMING OUT ON HIS OWN Stephen Fleming batted himself into the record books and New Zealand into an ominous position on the opening day of the second Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong.
New world, more on horizon European astronomers reported Thursday the discovery of a rocky  quot;super Earth-like object quot; orbiting a nearby star much like our own sun.
Microsoft issues Internet Explorer security update A critical flaw in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer Web browser could allow a hacker to take control of a computer, the world #39;s largest software maker said Wednesday.
Computerworld names new editor in chief Don Tennant, who served most recently as the publication's news editor, was previously chief editor at Computerworld Hong Kong.
UPDATE 1-Chiron delays flu vaccine shipments Chiron Corp. is delaying shipment of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin, because lots containing 4 million vaccines, do not meet product sterility standards, the pharmaceutical company said on Thursday .
Quechua 1.0: Microsoft to launch Windows in the language of the Inca (AFP) AFP - Microsoft will translate its blockbuster computer software Windows and Office into Quechua, the language of the indigenous Inca, for Andean nations from Argentina to Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru, where it is spoken, the company said.
Coulthard signs for Red Bull team The deal, thought to be worth 2 million, could prove more lucrative if Coulthard hits performance targets. That, however, is a big  quot;if quot;, given the return of only seven points managed by Mark Webber last term.
Tokyo Shares Flat After Quake, Dollar Up Asian stocks bounced in early trade on Wednesday after the strongest rally in the Dow Jones index since June, but gains were trimmed after an earthquake jolted northern Japan and chip-related stocks slumped.
Grimes to Face Weworski in Amateur Final (AP) AP - Virginia Derby Grimes, a two-time Curtis Cup player who underwent spinal fusion surgery in 2002, will face Corey Weworski in the championship match of the U.S. Women's Mid-Amateur.
Friday Night Football Anticipation building for opener Now that Frances has moved through the state of Florida - and another storm is not scheduled to hit the United States until next week - anticipation is building for the Florida State-Miami game.
Blue Jays, Devil Rays Swap Two Players (AP) AP - The Toronto Blue Jays acquired right-hander Chad Gaudin from the Tampa Bay Devil Rays for catcher Kevin Cash in the first transaction completed Sunday at the winter meetings.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance offshores 1,200 UK jobs UK insurance giant Royal  amp; Sun Alliance is to offshore some 1,200 back office and call center jobs to India over the next two years.
Danger of Image-Borne Viruses Looms Hackers are close to finding a way to spread harmful computer viruses just by getting people to open an e-mail message or visiting an infected Web site, computer security experts warned yesterday. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Google Security Holes Surface Company patches one search engine security flaw and is notified of another.
Ready or not, UW gets Irish SOUTH BEND, Ind. - This isn #39;ta good sign: Washington players have spent the week saying they #39;re not in awe of Notre Dame, while the Fighting Irish have spent the week saying they #39;re not overlooking the Huskies.
Landmarks for India as Bangladesh Crumble Bangladesh slumped to 36 for five at tea today as India closed in on a victory within three days. Sachin Tendulkars Test career-best 248 not out and Zaheer Khans world record 75 for a number 11 had taken
England Tour to Proceed After Zimbabwe Ends Media Ban (Update3) England #39;s cricket tour of Zimbabwe will go ahead after Robert Mugabe #39;s government lifted a ban preventing 13 British journalists from covering the five one-day internationals.
Banks plan Series events New England banks are racing to make the most of their World Series tickets and marketing opportunities during the games. Citizens Financial Group distributed Red Sox tickets to about two dozen employees through a random drawing, while Bank of America Corp. is encouraging its Boston employees to wear Red Sox hats or shirts to work. An internal note asked employees, ...
US forces in Afghanistan ""hopeful"" on release of UN hostages (AFP) AFP - The US-led military in Afghanistan expressed hope that three foreign UN employees being held hostage by suspected Taliban remnants would be freed soon.
Bank of memories Certainly, the head-to-head duel between Vijay Singh and Tiger Woods in Monday's final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston was the storyline that everyone would have asked for at the start of the tournament.
A DOUBLE-UP GAME Colts.com. If a certain game is important for a certain reasons, the Colts head coach will discuss the matter with his team early in the week.
Kuznetsov wins US Open title Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova came back twice from a break down in the second set to beat compatriot Elena Dementieva 6-3, 7-5 in the final of the US Open.
Injuries Deplete Rams Defensive Secondary (AP) AP - The St. Louis Rams' defensive backfield was depleted by injuries in a loss to Buffalo on Sunday, with the most serious to backup cornerback DeJuan Groce, who hurt his left knee.
Congress Approves NASA budget Sending people to the moon and Mars is no longer just President Bush #39;s vision. It #39;s officially the United States #39; new mission in space.
US deficit widens to \$164.7 billion The deficit in the broadest measure of trade climbed to a record high of \$164.7 billion in the third quarter of this year, reflecting Americans' hardy demand for imported oil and foreign-made goods.
Oil Price Dive Deepens as Supplies Swell  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid more than a dollar to  7-week lows on Tuesday as growing signs of ample supply ease  concerns over fuel stocks for the northern winter.
Impoverished families of Nepal hostages in Iraq desperate for details (AFP) AFP - Relatives of 12 Nepalese workers missing in Iraq were desperately seeking information after an Islamist website showed alleged pictures of them in captivity.
Royal Bank Hires Stymiest From TSX in Executive Shakeup Royal Bank of Canada Chief Executive Officer Gordon Nixon replaced three senior bankers and hired the head of the Toronto Stock Exchange, overhauling senior management at Canada #39;s largest bank after a slump in the US eroded profit.
Yanks Stop the Talks to Acquire Johnson Frustrated by the demands of the Arizona Diamondbacks, the Yankees cut off trade talks for the ace left-hander Randy Johnson.
Airlines Expect  #36;5 Bln Loss in '04 --IATA (Reuters) Reuters - International airlines are heading for a\near  #36;5 billion loss this year, largely due to the oil price\rise, the chief economist of the industry's global body IATA\said on Tuesday.
Shoulder injury casts doubts over Tiger KILKENNY - Tiger Woods will decide today if he will be able to play in a multi-million dollar championship after injuring his shoulder.
Chunghwa Telecom union threatens strike amid privatization concerns (AFP) AFP - The workers' union at Taiwan's state-run Chunghwa Telecom, the island's leading telecom operator, threatened to stage an unprecedented strike, demanding the government guarantee their rights while it pushes for the firm's privatization.
Greenhouse Gas Jump Shows Kyoto Vital - UK (Reuters) Reuters - A worrying rise in the levels of\so-called greenhouse gases linked to climate change highlights\the importance of the Kyoto protocol, British Environment\Minister Elliot Morley said Wednesday.
Update 2: Insurers Suffer Record Catastrophe Losses The property insurance industry sustained record third-quarter losses this year after a series of storms, including a string of hurricanes, according to an actuarial firm #39;s preliminary estimate.
Hopkins #39; big punch was product of patience Bernard Hopkins #39; fights are studies in boxing #39;s subtleties. He deals in nuances. He doesn #39;t have to be hitting an opponent to be setting him up, as he was Oscar De La Hoya here Saturday night.
Stock market indicators turn positive as world oil prices retreat TORONTO (CP) - With oil prices receding, North American stock markets seem poised to advance Thursday, the last day of the financial third quarter for many corporations.
Rockstar Games and Interscope Records Reveal Grand Theft Auto: San &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With the game set in the early 1990 #39;s, the Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas soundtrack will feature a large variety of tracks spanning the FM radio dial of the West Coast during this particularly influential period in American music and culture.
IBM Introduces Powerful Servers IBM has introduced three new POWER5 processor-based servers that the company says outpace Sun and HP in performance records and establish a new standard for server virtualization capabilities.
Bid to be the world #39;s biggest gold firm Harmony Gold Mining Co, South African gold firm, has made a \$8.2 billion bid to acquire its much bigger rival -- Gold Fields. If the acquisition or the merger goes through, it would create the world #39;s largest gold producing company.
More attackers targeting e-commerce and Web apps, says Symantec The total number of virus attacks are down, but malicious codemeisters are getting faster, more sophisticated, and they #39;re beginning to target e-commerce concerns and small businesses.
Study: Consumers take cyberattacks lightly More than a third of those surveyed said they had a greater chance of being struck by lightning than of being hit by malicious code.
Martha Stewart Living to replace CEO Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia is expected to name former ABC Entertainment President Susan Lyne as its new chief executive, replacing Sharon Patrick, according to a report on New York Magazines Web site on Thursday.
Putin in push to extend his term RUSSIAN President Vladimir Putin is considering extending his term of office, due to expire in 2008, in a sign of his determination to tighten his grip on power and crack down on terrorism after the Beslan school massacre.
Dutch film maker to be cremated The funeral is expected to take place on Tuesday of the Dutch film maker, Theo van Gogh, who was shot and stabbed to death in Amsterdam a week ago.
Google Blazes Lonely IPO Trail Few experts who tried to predict how Google's much-antipated IPO would perform managed to get it right, and no firms have opted to follow its auction approach. By Joanna Glasner.
Treasuries Rise After Manufacturing and Confidence Indexes Drop US Treasury notes rose, heading for their biggest monthly gain since September, after reports today showed declines in consumer confidence and a slowdown in manufacturing.
France Wants Referendum on Turkey #39;s EU Entry French President Jacques Chirac says France will hold a referendum on Turkey #39;s entry to the European Union. Speaking to reporters Friday in Strasbourg, France, Mr.
US Airlines Hit Financial Turbulence Three of America #39;s largest airlines have reported a combined 906 million dollars US in third-quarter losses. The largest by far was at Delta Air Lines, where bankruptcy looms unless it can quickly win concessions from its pilots and debt holders.
Greeks grease palms, expect drop in graft The state health service, political parties, tax officials and the media top Greeks list of perceived corruption, according to a global survey published yesterday by the Transparency International graft watchdog.
DVR To The Rescue! News reachs us from America of another strange tale of DVD hardwire going haywire. A couple of weeks ago a man in Oregon was paid an unexpected visit from the US Air force after his Toshiba with built-in VCR
In AD 2004 \\(Second term was beginning.)\\&lt;Kerry&gt; What happen ?\\&lt;Edwards&gt; Somebody set up us the bomb.\\&lt;Edwards&gt; We get Ohio exit poll.\\&lt;Kerry&gt; What you say?!\\&lt;Edwards&gt; Fox News turn on.\\&lt;Kerry&gt; It's you !!\\&lt;Bush&gt; How are you gentlemen !!?\\&lt;Bush&gt; All your ballots are belong to us.\\&lt;Bush&gt; You are on the way to election defeat.\\&lt;Kerry&gt; What you say !!?\\&lt;Bush&gt; You have no chance to win make your time.\\&lt;Bush&gt; Ha Ha Ha Ha ....\\&lt;aminorex&gt; take off, every zogby\\&lt;aminorex&gt; for great justice\\Thanks coderman and #inforanarchy!\\
Wal-Mart Says October US Sales Rise 2.8, Within Its Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, estimated that October sales at US stores open at least a year rose 2.8 percent, at the lower end of its forecast range, as shoppers bought more bedding and boys #39; and girls #39; wear.
Town presses state for sewer funds Town officials are hoping the state can unearth \$1.4 million to help bring sewers to the Medway 495 Business Park. Otherwise, they say, some 250 area jobs may be lost -- not to mention thousands of dollars in annual tax revenue.
F.C.C. Takes on Oversight of Internet Phone Services The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
Update 1: Cingular Sees Merger Savings Above Plan Cingular Wireless, the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier following the company #39;s merger with AT amp;T Wireless, said Wednesday that it has completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now expects merger-related cost savings to exceed prior estimates
Insurgents resist across Iraq Fallujah is not the only flashpoint. Violence continues to sweep the rest of Iraq. A car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in Eastern Baghdad, killing at least seven people.
Nice Paparazzi! \\This is a ""brilliant"" idea : (where brilliant is stupid)\\""By wearing a specially designed electronic badge that jams electronic cameras,\they will be able to prevent photographers from taking unwanted pictures.""\\""The ""privacy protection system"" being developed by Hewlett-Packard will allow\the publicity-shy to transmit an infrared signal to any nearby compatible\camera. Once activated, the camera's software will automatically blur beyond\recognition the face of anybody wearing the badge...""\
Expos and Marlins set for Chicago matinee CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Montreal Expos might be able to teach the Florida Marlins a thing or two about playing baseball at neutral venues.
New Program Turns Consumers Into Spam Vigilantes Lycos Europe debuted a new weapon in the war against unwanted e-mail Tuesday, by launching a screensaver designed to overload the Web sites featured in spam messages.
New Ivory Coast Violence Shatters French Connection The pattern of selective destruction was evident Friday after two days of relative calm, with targets apparently singled out because they were identified with France, Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler.
Nortel loses about \$250 million US in third quarter, half due to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks released preliminary financial results Tuesday showing the technology company lost about \$250 million US in the third quarter, about half of that due to the starup costs of a major contract in India.
Cisco buys IP application vendor P-Cube Cisco has bought IP service control vendor P-Cube of Sunnyvale, California, in a cash deal worth about \$200m. The company says the deal should allow its customers to run advanced IP services such as voice
Mountain to climb for Pakistan SYDNEY: Australia and Pakistan have been involved in some classic cricketing confrontations but the spin doctors have their work cut out this time in trying to generate any real hype in the build-up to their Test series.
FDA Approves a Multiple Sclerosis Drug The Food and Drug Administration yesterday approved a drug for multiple sclerosis that has shown early evidence of being more effective than existing drugs.
Vikes QB beats NO with arm, quickest of feet Put it down as an old &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As you watched Culpepper, the quarterback of the Minnesota Vikings, move about the Superdome on Sunday night, you realized you were witnessing a bazooka of a arm.
Minister offers apology for touchy remark Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen () yesterday apologized for the words used to condemn a comment by his Singaporean counterpart who warned against Taiwan independence at a United Nations meeting last week.
Delta goes all out for China route As Delta Air Lines Inc. struggles for its financial future, the carrier is entrenched in an intense political fight over desirable routes to China that could have an economic impact of \$400 million.
Speedy Plane Check-In by Mobile Phone Set for 2005 (Reuters) Reuters - Passengers wanting to skip airport\queues will be able to check in for flights using their mobile\phone beginning next year, two European firms set to offer the\service announced on Tuesday.
Keith highlights CFL Players of the Week Keith finished with a combined total of 125 rushing and receiving yards in a 14-6 upset victory over Edmonton to earn the offensive award.
Published by the group of companies Maxis Communications Bhd targets to launch its third-generation (3G) mobile services in the first quarter of 2005, but it expects the number of subscribers to be less than 100,000 during the first year due to the expensive handsets.
Northrop Grumman To Co-Design Jupiter Moons Explorer For NASA PASADENA, Calif. -- Northrop Grumman Space Technology has been selected to help NASA design a nuclear-powered spacecraft to orbit and explore three moons of Jupiter that may have oceans beneath their icy surfaces.
Web founder attacks royality obession ONE OF THE founders of the Web warned that the interweb was in danger of being stunted by patent hungry software companies. Tim Berners-Lee called on companies to resist the temptation to lock up key technologies by demanding royalty payments.
Cardinal shakeup to cut jobs, improve profit Cardinal Health Inc. will cut 4,200 jobs, or 7 percent of its work force, as part of a three-year restructuring plan outlined Monday by the Central Ohio health-care products and services provider.
'Punk'd' Will Continue 3 More Seasons NEW YORK - A warning to celebrities: you're not in the clear just yet. ""Punk'd,"" hosted by Ashton Kutcher, will continue for three more seasons, MTV spokesman David French confirmed Wednesday...
Olympics Could Call Out the Couch Potatoes As the 2004 Summer Olympics officially get underway Friday with an international broadcast of the opening ceremonies, health experts expect the Athens games to inspire couch potatoes to become more active. But, experts caution, amateurs, particularly sedentary ones, should not jump into a new sports activity without sufficient preparation.
NASA Unveils its Newest Most Powerful Supercomputer NASA unveils its newest supercomputer today during a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the agency #39;s Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, Calif.
Martha wants to go to jail now Millionaire executive Martha Stewart announced Wednesday that she decided to begin her prison sentence for lying about a stock trade as soon as possible.
NBA: New Jersey 88, Toronto 86 Richard Jefferson, who scored 26 points, hit a jumper with seven seconds left Monday to give the New Jersey Nets an 88-86 win over the Toronto Raptors.
Lightning re-sign Andreychuk Tampa, FL (Sports Network) - The Tampa Bay Lightning have re-signed captain Dave Andreychuk to a one-year deal. In accordance with team policy, financial terms of the contract were not disclosed.
Celtic 0, AC Milan 0 Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill last night said it was time for the board to  quot;take stock quot; after their latest European adventure came to an end weeks before Christmas.
Microsoft Talks Security, Seriously Efforts to ease patch management are just part of the process, exec says.
NFL Game Summary - Tampa Bay at Washington Landover, MD (Sports Network) - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a touchdown the first time he touched the ball and finished with 149 yards rushing on 29 carries to lead the Washington Redskins to a 16-10 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at FedEx Field
Henman nurses the hope that his back will stay on his mind Tim Henman celebrates his 30th birthday on Monday, although celebrate is hardly the right word judging by the face he pulled when the landmark was mentioned.
Wal-Mart Profit Up, Raises Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, posted a 13 percent rise in quarterly  profit on Tuesday and raised its outlook and expectations for  holiday sales, saying the economy was improving.
Progress is cited in N. Ireland peace talks Three days of talks aimed at breaking a two-year deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process ended yesterday without a deal, but with officials
Ivory Coast, France trade jabs ABIDJAN - Ivory Coast and France traded jabs Monday over responsibility for last week #39;s unrest, as the UN Security Council appeared set to impose an arms embargo on the divided west African state.
ObjectWeb plans open source BPEL server ObjectWeb will begin distributing an open source BPEL server in the coming weeks, expanding the available options for a middleware technology used to link several applications and data sources into a larger business process. It will be the second open source BPEL server released in recent weeks.
PREVIEW-Bayern need improvement against Ajax, says Makaay Bayern Munich #39;s Dutch striker Roy Makaay warned his team they needed to raise their game if they were to trouble Ajax Amsterdam in their Champions League encounter on Tuesday.
Goalless draw leaves Real trailing A lackluster Real Madrid lost further ground to Barcelona at the top of the table after they were held to a 0-0 draw at Villarreal in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
U.S., Iran Join in Rare Gulf Security Conference  MANAMA (Reuters) - A conference on regional security  threats opened in Bahrain on Friday, in a rare gathering of  senior officials and strategists from Gulf Arab states as well  as Iran, Iraq and the United States.
Rooney counting down to Old Trafford debut Wayne Rooney will begin his Manchester United career, ahead of schedule, on Wednesday when he is named among the substitutes for the Champions League match against Fenerbahce
Good disguise, eh? A US company is helping politically wary American travellers pose as peace-loving Canucks. For \$25 US, the T-Shirt King.Com provides a package with enough red-and-white gear for vacationers to pass themselves off as Canadians abroad.
Market cheers cleaner structure, but reserves loom an oil giant with a corporate governance structure as complicated as its name -s trying to simplify. That was the good news Thursday, but the embattled
Big two clash in San Siro tomorrrow The battle for control of Champions League Group F match begins in earnest tomorrow when AC Milan host Barcelona at the San Siro stadium.
Electronics giant Thomson to introduce HD DVD players in 2005 PARIS (CP) - The electronics giant that operates under the Thomson, RCA and Technicolor brand names said Friday it will introduce high-definition DVD players next year and support two recording formats, HD DVD and Blu-ray.
Tokyo Stocks Weaker as Yen Weighs (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei share average slipped 0.55\percent in early trade on Monday after a weak U.S. jobs report\pushed the dollar down against the yen, hurting the shares of\Japanese exporters.
FDA Approves Use of Microchip Implants in Humans By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors, speeding care.    VeriChips, radio frequency microchips the size of a grain of rice, have already been used to identify wayward pets and livestock...
Venus, Capriati End Season with Defeats  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Venus Williams and Jennifer Capriati's  hopes of qualifying for next week's lucrative season finale  were crushed by quarter-final defeats at the Advanta  Championships in Philadelphia on Friday.
Microsoft Windows XP SP2 ready to auto-roll NEOWIN TELLS us that Windows XP Service Pack 2 automatic delivery service is now to be launched on the 25th of August - that #39;s tomorrow.
Limited Brands Quarterly Earnings Fall (AP) AP - Fashion retailer Limited Brands Inc.'s third-quarter earnings fell 40 percent because of fewer one-time gains, the company reported Thursday.
China revises GDP growth rate to 9.69 in Jan-June China has revised upward its gross domestic product (GDP) growth to 9.69 per cent during the first half of this year due to higher growth in service industries, the state media reported on Monday.
Sony Close to Acquiring MGM Sony is a step closer to acquiring famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in a \$3 billion deal that would give it a considerable library of more than 4,100 titles.
US blogger fired by her airline The US airline attendant suspended over postings on her blog, or online diary, has been fired by her employers.
Via Develops Twin-Core Processor Processor could steal spotlight from AMD, Intel's forthcoming dual-core chips.
17 people killed in explosions in India In India, at least 17 people have been killed and up to 55 wounded in four explosions in the country #39;s troubled northeast. Police say three blasts occurred in Dimapur, the commercial hub of Nagaland state, killing 16 people.
Car Bombs Kill 11 As Rumsfeld Visits Iraq (AP) AP - The United States may be able to reduce its troop levels in Iraq after the January elections if security improves and Iraqi government forces continue to expand and improve, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Sunday. Meanwhile, car bombers struck twice in rapid succession in the capital Sunday, killing at least 11 people including an American soldier.
Closer, left fielder among most pressing needs Chicago Cubs general manager Jim Hendry got most of his holiday shopping done before the Winter Meetings this weekend in Anaheim. The Cubs signed Nomar Garciaparra and
NEC, Toshiba claim MRAM breakthroughs NEC and Toshiba have made two advancements in developing a new type of memory that could eventually replace the standard memory used in mobile phones, MP3 players, and other portable electronic devices, the companies said Wednesday.
Abramovich poser for Uefa Uefa says it will look at Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich #39;s links to CSKA Moscow after the clubs were drawn together in the Champions League.
Interstate Bakeries Hires Turnaround Firm  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Interstate Bakeries Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;IBC.N&lt;/A&gt;,  maker of Wonder bread and Hostess Twinkies, on Monday said it  hired a turnaround firm and delayed filing its annual report  with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Lawmakers Divided on C.I.A. Chief's Leadership The controversy erupted as the Congress prepared to return for a post-election session under pressure to pass legislation that would create a national director of intelligence.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Fall After Three-Day Rise Tokyo stocks sank on Monday as the dollar #39;s fall against the Japanese yen and euro and the benchmark stock index #39;s three-day rally prompted investors to lock in profits on blue chip exporters.
Koizumi hopes US ties deepen Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Thursday he hopes to further develop Japanese-US ties through his close personal relationship with President George W. Bush, who was re-elected in a neck and neck race with Democratic challenger Sen. John Kerry.
Vioxx Alternatives: Different, Less Serious, Side Effects (New York-WABC, October 1, 2004) - Two million Americans were taking Vioxx. Now that it #39;s been recalled, what are those patients supposed to do?
Children slaughtered Bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as US troops handed out candy Thursday. It was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of the war.
FEC OKs Unlimited Donations for Recounts (AP) AP - Presidential and congressional candidates can raise unlimited donations to finance recounts as President Bush and Al Gore did for their high-stakes Florida dispute in 2000.
Silver lining melts foul mood OLYMPIA, Greece -- US shot-putter Adam Nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his hands on the back of his head, his hopes just dashed by a foul on a throw that would have won the gold medal.
Bharti, 6 others form Asia-Pacific JV New Delhi: Bharti Tele-Ventures along with six other mobile operators in the South-East Asian region have formed a joint venture company called Bridge Mobile Pte Ltd with an aim to create a common regional cellular infrastructure.
Uh oh! Franco-American is no more Here's one for nostalgia buffs: the Franco-American brand -- best known for SpaghettiOs -- is no more.
US blue chips skid as oil keeps rising NEW YORK : US shares ended mostly lower Thursday as oil prices kept moving higher despite news that US strategic reserves may be tapped to ease supply concerns.
Malaysia Airlines Herald Sun Tour of Provincial Victoria - 2.3 and exciting - days on this year #39;s Malaysia Airlines Herald Sun Tour of Provincial Victoria, the lead has swapped hands again, with Bicycle Superstore teammates
US writes off \$4.1bn in Iraq debt The US cancels all the debt owed to it by Iraq and calls on other countries to do the same.
Did Mars once host life? NASA says a false-color image taken by its Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity shows a rock dubbed  quot;Escher quot; whose fractures, which divide the surface into polygons, may have been formed when water left over from the rock #39;s formation dried up.
Munch Museum will stay closed until 05 OSLO, Norway - Oslos Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system following a brazen daylight robbery in August of two Edvard Munch masterpieces.
Aid to Palestinians Approved President Bush  approved Wednesday \$20 million in direct aid to the Palestinian Authority, as part of a broader White House strategy to pursue peace in the Middle East following Yasser Arafat's death.
Toshiba, M'shita LCD Venture to Make Big TV Panels  TOKYO (Reuters) - An LCD joint venture between Toshiba  Corp. and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. said on Wednesday  it would start making large TV displays early next year,  entering a rapidly expanding but crowded market.
Nike Co-Founder Knight Steps Down as CEO  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; co-founder  Philip Knight, who helped transform a small start-up into the  world's biggest athletic shoe company, will step down as chief  executive officer, the company said on Thursday.
Virtual offices will reverse years of isolation IT is undergoing the kind of cultural evolution that companies endured when they first pushed computing technology out to the bulk of their workforces.
Congress Urged to Conduct Its Own Insurance Inquiry Senate governmental affairs subcommittee hearing on insurance brokerage policies, with Eliot Spitzer of New York and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut scheduled to testify.
Powell, Japanese seek ways to resolve North Korean nuclear crisis (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell sought Japan's input on resolving the North Korean nuclear impasse after rejecting Pyongyang's demands to resume stalled talks on resolving the deadlock.
Pfizer to Pay \$430 Million to Settle Asbestos Claims (Update3) Pfizer Inc., the world #39;s largest drugmaker, agreed to pay \$430 million to resolve personal-injury claims against a subsidiary that sold products containing asbestos in the 1970s.
Microsoft scales back Passport ambitions Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster.com is dropping support for the authentication service.
CU at epicenter of efforts to help fight quake damage Inside a University of Colorado lab, simulated earthquakes rattle steel beams. Frequently, the beams shatter, mortar walls crumble and welds break.
Earthquakes rattle western Japan AN earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter Scale hit western Japan this morning, just hours after another strong quake rocked the area.
Judge says Braves #39; Furcal can play Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal may play in the playoffs despite a probation violation on a drunken-driving charge. For the rest of the season, Furcal must remain in home confinement.
Rovers Get Six More Months To Explore Mars As communications with Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity improves because the planet has emerged from behind the sun (from Earth #39;s view), NASA has extended the robots #39; mission.
Olympic Basketball: Lithuania Guard Shoots Down U.S.  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States crashed to its second  defeat in the Olympic men's basketball tournament Saturday when  a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled  Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
Heating fuel supply seen ample; oil futures fall under \$46 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Natural gas futures closed under \$7 for the first time in over seven weeks, with the first decline in US inventories since late March not influential enough to spark concerns over winter heating-fuel supplies.
GE's Diversity Yields Strength The company reports double-digit growth in eight out of 11 business units.
#39;Grand Theft Auto #39; back with a vengeance As the last rays of sunlight fade on the ghetto alleyways, ratty looking palm trees take on the form of sick old men and there #39;s menace in the air.
Greek, British police break illegal software ring Greek and British police have cracked a multimillion-dollar illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated high-tech software programs.
More big security holes in Linux Open-source developers have warned of serious security holes in two Linux components that could allow attackers to take over a system by tricking a user into viewing a specially crafted image file or opening an archive. Patches exist for the bugs, which affect LHA and imlib.
Iraq's Neighbors Get  #36;2.9 Billion for Clean-Up (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations approved paying  #36;2.9\billion to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia on Thursday for\environmental projects to clean up oil lakes and other\pollution from Iraq's 1990-1991 occupation of Kuwait, a\spokesman said.
Netanyahu to PM: I #39;ll stay in gov #39;t Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu announced his long-awaited decision to remain in the government on Tuesday in a meeting with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, but it came with a catch: Netanyahu demanded a reassessment of unilateral disengagement.
Crisis talks in Paris as concerns grow for kidnapped French &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS (AFP) -- As hopes dimmed that two French journalists held captive in Iraq would be freed soon, French President Jacques Chirac was to discuss the crisis Sunday with his foreign minister, who returned from a mission to the Middle East with no news of
#39;Madden NFL #39; maker scores exclusive football deal Video game publisher Electronic Arts on Monday said it had signed an exclusive agreement with the National Football League and the marketing arm of its players #39; union, giving EA the sole rights to put NFL players, stadiums and teams in its games.
Microsoft unveils IPTV-ready set-top box Microsoft has teamed up with consumer electronics firm Thomson to launch set-top boxes supporting Microsoft TV #39;s Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) software platform.
Turkish hostages reportedly freed in Iraq Turkey #39;s foreign minister confirms ten Turkish hostages, who have been freed by kidnappers, are now in the Turkish embassy in Baghdad.
Boeing downplays jet market upturn forecasts by Airbus NEW YORK, September 24 (newratings.com) - Boeing Company #39;s (BA.NYS) Chief Executive Officer, Harry Stonecipher, said today that the European aircraft manufacturer, Airbus, was exaggerating the pace of the recovery in the commercial jet market.
Blockbuster Interested in Hollywood Chain Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US video rental chain, on Thursday said it has contacted Hollywood Entertainment Corp.
Tennis: WTA C #39;ships: Serena beats Mauresmo Serena Williams faced Amelie Mauresmo in the first semi-final of the WTA Championship on Sunday. Victory in the tournament for Mauresmo would ensure her the season-ending number one spot in the women #39;s rankings.
Apple Introduces New iMac (Article Central) At the Apple Expo in Paris this week, Apple Computer Inc. introduced the new iMac, the latest version of the popular consumer desktop computer.
Square Enix, Gamemakers Count on Sony, Nintendo to Boost Sales Square Enix, the world #39;s biggest maker of role-playing computer games, and rivals including Koei Co. are counting on the new consoles from Japan #39;s Sony Corp.
WWF Calls for Ban in Trade of Great White Sharks A leading environmental group called Friday for protection for the great white shark and humphead wrasse coral fish, whose numbers have plunged because of overfishing and China #39;s growing appetite for exotic foods.
Kennedys game fury THE family of President John F Kennedy yesterday blasted a video game that lets players simulate his assassination. Glasgow-based Traffic Games has released JFK Reloaded to coincide with the 41st anniversary of the murder in Dallas.
Nuclear non-proliferation dominates IAEA conference The 48th General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) concluded Friday evening with a call for the prevention of the proliferation of weapons of mass
Sun to tout Wall Street wins in September Struggling company set to show that it's grabbed some customers in the financial community, one of Sun's three chief markets.
Mark Cuban raises specter of dot-com redux reporter #39;s notebook SAN FRANCISCO--Hope and cynicism sparred to a draw on Tuesday at the glitzy opening banquet of the Web 2.0 conference here, as serial entrepreneur and reality TV show host Mark Cuban took the stage to talk about what #39;s next for the 10
Sask. looks at adopting daylight time as the country falls back this Sunday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - When it comes to political hot potatoes in Saskatchewan, there are few that could burn a government more than daylight time change.
PeopleSoft tightens IBM ties as it fights off Oracle Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. strengthened its ties with technology giant IBM Corp. on Tuesday, hoping to boost its recently sagging sales as it continues to fight Oracle Corp.
Cingular opposes Nextel plan WASHINGTON -- Cingular Wireless has urged communications regulators to reject a request by rival Nextel Communications Inc. to lower the cost of its plan to swap airwaves with the government, which is aimed at reducing interference with public safety communications.
Computer Associates Temp CEO Outlines Growth Plans With its most serious legal troubles apparently behind it, Computer Associates is once again focusing on growth and new ways of packaging and delivering its products, interim CEO Ken Cron said in an interview on Tuesday.
Saddam Fit and Well After Hernia Operation  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saddam Hussein underwent a hernia  operation at a U.S.-run hospital inside Baghdad's Green Zone  two weeks ago and has made a full recovery, a U.S. military  official said Wednesday.
Boxing: Williams insists he is better than Tyson display LAS VEGAS, United States : Danny Williams wants to be remembered for more than just his shock victory over Mike Tyson and hopes to do so by completing a remarkable reversal of fortunes if he wins the world heavyweight title on Saturday.
Kerry report: Economy 'threatened' by offshoring Presidential candidate's position paper calls for expanding a federal program to help tech workers hurt by offshore outsourcing.
Russian Oil Giant Raises Reserves Estimate Fivefold In raising its reserve estimates, Yukos reiterated that it was operating on a ""day to day basis and was still close to filing for bankruptcy.""
Nortel transfer of Montreal plant to Flextronics delayed TORONTO - Nortel Network #39;s ongoing work on its financial restatements means the transfer of its Montreal manufacturing facility to Flextronics will be delayed until early 2005.
Libyan leader Gadhafi hosts mini-summit on Sudan #39;s Darfur conflict Saying they hoped African leaders could solve what the United Nations calls the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis without sanctions, the leaders of Egypt, Chad, Nigeria and Libya discussed the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region with the
Turin Winter Games President to Resign The president of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympic Games has decided to resign saying he no longer has the support of the Italian government.
Stock Futures Signal a Flat Open Today  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were little changed  on Friday, pointing to a flat market open, after third-quarter  gross domestic product data showed the U.S. economy grew at a  slower-than-expected pace.
Pavin hits 62 to charge into three-shot Buick lead Corey Pavin posted his best score for 14 years, firing an eight-under-par 62 to take a commanding three-shot lead after the first round of the inaugural \$4.
SAP to deliver HR upgrade for US Postal Service AUGUST 23, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The US Postal Service is about to get a \$35 million Web-based human resources application makeover, courtesy of Germany-based applications vendor SAP AG.
Dell Aims To Drive Down Cost Of High-Performance Computing Vendor offers server, switch, and host-channel adapter bundle with increased I/O bandwidth, processing capability, and memory. By Larry Greenemeier.
Northwest #39;s CEO Deplanes And then there was one. Northwest Airlines (NWAC ) reported Oct. 1 that its CEO, Richard H. Anderson, is quitting to take a job in the health-care industry.
Britain Defends Legality of Iraq Invasion Britain says it disagrees with the assessment of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan that the invasion of Iraq was illegal. Fresh controversy has erupted over the legality of the US-led invasion of Iraq last year
Fed Likely To Say No To Riggs  Payments The Federal Reserve probably will not approve a \$10 million payment due later this year on Riggs's trust-preferred securities as the agency is cautious about preserving Riggs's cash, sources say.
Putnam to pay \$40m to settle SEC probe Putnam Investments will pay \$40 million to settle yet another regulatory probe, while corporate parent Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. yesterday said it would cut 3,000 jobs in the fallout from the price-fixing and bid-rigging scandal enveloping its insurance brokerage unit.
Panthers' Foster Out for Remainder of Season (Reuters) Reuters - Carolina Panthers\running back DeShaun Foster will miss the rest of the season\due to a broken collarbone.
1-2 punch is a hit for Colts CHICAGO -- Edgerrin James on the ground. Peyton Manning through the air. The Indianapolis Colts made it look easy.
Barrera earns majority decision over Morales in rubber match Las Vegas, NV (Sports Network) - Marco Antonio Barrera has captured the World Boxing Council super featherweight title with a 12-round majority decision over Erik  quot;El Terrible quot; Morales at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Retailers Hope to Lure Shoppers Into Malls (AP) AP - The nation's retailers are hoping furry ponchos, fur-lined flip-flops, and sweater sets adorned with multiple broaches will excite shoppers this holiday season and lure them into stores and malls earlier than in previous years.
Sprint, Nextel herald 'future of communications' Executives from Sprintand Nextel Communicationstook to a stage at the St. Regis Hotel in New York Wednesday to announce a definitive agreement to merge their two companies and create the third largest mobile phone company in the U.S.
Former Nazi Guard Loses Canadian Court Ruling (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian immigration\officials won a victory on Tuesday in their bid to revoke the\citizenship of a former Nazi SS prison guard convicted of war\crimes in Italy.
Israel responds to massive tunnel blast ISN SECURITY WATCH (14012/04) - The Israeli army has responded to a massive explosion that killed five Israeli soldiers on Sunday by launching an attack on two buildings in Gaza City allegedly being used by Palestinian militants to manufacture weapons
McAfee Launches Managed E-Mail Security Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - McAfee has launched a new service that enables small and mid-size firms to outsource their e-mail security to the U.S. antivirus software developer.
SEC Probes WorldCom Creditor Actions  WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Federal regulators have  launched an investigation into creditor actions in the WorldCom  bankruptcy, demanding thousands of documents from bondholders  related to the largest U.S. bankruptcy, according to court  documents.
GIs Find Belongings of Once-Missing Marine (AP) AP - U.S. troops have recovered personal effects of a U.S. Marine who was once feared beheaded by Iraqi insurgents after disappearing from his unit, U.S. officials said.
Actional, Westbridge merge for Web services Web services management vendor Actional and Westbridge Technology, which sold security infrastructure for Web services, are merging to focus on what company officials call SOA (service-oriented architecture) enablement.
S. Korea Tightens Security After Possible Al-Qaeda Threat Aired South Korea #39;s military and police have tightened security since an audio tape attributed to a top al- Qaeda leader Friday urged Muslims to resist the US and its allies, including Korea, for their roles in Iraq.
A highflier laid low Here is the fundamental question investors ask about individual companies and their stocks every day: What's this business really worth?
Taliban group claims hostages and vows: We will chop them up &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARTIES were cancelled and the restaurants were deserted in Kabul this weekend. The Delhi Durbar, usually heaving on a Friday night with aid workers, United Nations staff, diplomats, and inter national consultants
Day 2 in Kobe Bryant jury selection Prosecutors and defense attorneys in the Kobe Bryant rape trial will quiz 41 new potential jurors behind closed doors Tuesday, after questioning the same number a day earlier.
Pakistan Denies CIA Is There Seeking bin Laden Pakistani officials on Monday denied a report about the presence of a Central Intelligence Agency search mission for the terrorist leader Osama bin Laden in
Sparks set to fly in Tour of Spain The last six stages of the Tour of Spain are set for sparks to fly in the battle for the final triumph in Madrid next Sunday. Roberto Heras leads by only
Overwhelming Militiamen, Troops Push Closer to Shrine American forces sharply intensified fighting here early on Tuesday morning, as troops attacked rebels loyal to Moktada al-Sadr from three
Bush seems primed for Mideast push But the most important entry on Middle East watchers #39; list is George W. Bush: in for four more years. The recent death of Arafat, the Palestinian Authority president, creates an opportunity for the United
Sony shrinks PlayStation console Sony has announced a slimmed-down PlayStation 2 in an attempt to boost sales of the console.
More bodies from Indonesian ship found : Japan #39;s coast guard on Wednesday found five more bodies from an Indonesian cargo ship that ran aground during a powerful typhoon, bringing the death toll for the ship to 11.
A winsa win NEW YORK - With a shot at claiming the No. 1 ranking, Amelie Mauresmo engaged Elena Dementieva in a contest called, Anything you can do, I can do worse.
Presidential Polls Glance (AP) AP - Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether it was adults, registered voters (RV) or likely voters (LV) and the margin of error (MoE). Results might not total 100 percent because of rounding.
Mount St. Helens Eruption Contains Danger (AP) AP - The boiling magma rumbling and rising within Mount St. Helens isn't the only thing scientists fear. When large volcanoes erupt they can unleash an awesome arsenal of natural weapons, devastating communities and landscapes even hundreds of miles from the blast.
Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Dozens of the political action committee's subscriber pages exposed by simple Google search.
Bye-bye, blueprint: 3D modeling catches on Three-dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built--but the industry will have to change, too.
LVMH #39;s Moet Hennessy to Buy Scotland #39;s Glenmorangie (Update2) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, the world #39;s largest luxury-goods company, agreed to buy Scotland #39;s Glenmorangie Plc for 300 million pounds (\$545 million) to add the company #39;s malt whisky to its stable of brands.
Colombia's Congress to Let Uribe Run Again (AP) AP - Colombia's Congress gave final approval to a bill to allow President Alvaro Uribe to run for re-election, a move aimed at giving the hard-line leader more time to fight a leftist insurgency and drug trafficking.
Steelers, Bettis overwhelm undefeated Eagles PITTSBURGH 27, PHILADELPHIA 3 -- PITTSBURGH (Ticker) -- The Pittsburgh Steelers celebrated the 25th anniversary of their Super Bowl XIV title team.
CA execs hold on to their bonuses A proposal to claw back bonuses paid to executives under the cloud of an accounting scandal has been rejected by Computer Associates #39; shareholders.
Microsoft CEO: Hackers Getting Smarter (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp.'s chief executive believes it's naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various products even though engineers are trying hard to do so.
UK needs 'marine reserve network' The Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution says 30 of UK waters should be closed to commercial fishing.
Caterpillar boosts 2004 revenue forecast Shares of Caterpillar (CAT) jumped more than 3 Tuesday after boosting its 2004 revenue outlook Tuesday, citing continued strong demand.
Nintendo Unveils Lineup for DS Handheld (AP) AP - Madden NFL 2005 and Spider-Man 2 are among the dozen video games Nintendo Co. says it plans to offer for is new DS handheld system within a month of the product's November launch.
Vodafone Fires Opening Salvo in 3G War Vodafone spent billions on acquiring 3G licenses throughout Europe and in Japan four years ago, but as it repeatedly delayed the launch date of high-speed services, investors started to wonder
Kaneria spins through Lankans Pakistani spinner Danish Kaneria has ripped through the Sri Lankan order taking five wickets on the fourth day of the second Test in Karachi.
IBM expands China research site in midmarket push Big Blue adds ""innovaton center"" to its China Research Lab to develop technology catering to small and midsize businesses.
Server sales in Asia Pacific increase 12.4 percent in June quarter (AFP) AFP - Computer server sales in the Asia-Pacific region excluding Japan grew by a brisk 12.4 percent to 1.37 billion US dollars in the second quarter after a gain of 9.6 percent in the three months to March, an industry monitor said.
Satellites Track Turtle Trouble A group of satellites captures evidence of what scientists believe is the killing of a rare sea turtle. But little can be done about it, they say. By Amit Asaravala.
Paris marks liberation from Nazis Thousands of people in Paris are preparing to mark the anniversary of the city #39;s liberation in World War II. Sixty years ago, the Nazi troops who had occupied the French capital for four years, surrendered.
Panel: Kerry would take new approach to tech issues WASHINGTON - Senator John Kerry, Democratic challenger to U.S. President George Bush, would seek more government involvement on issues such as broadband adoption, cybersecurity and spam, while Bush, if re-elected, would continue to take a more market-driven approach to those issues, a panel of Washington, D.C., technology experts predicted Tuesday.
Sony, jockeying for better MP3 player market position, adds native &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sony has long been of the mindset that they can develop media formats (ie Betamax) which are superior to ones already in the marketplace.
U.S. Handling of Helicopter Crash Irks Okinawa (Reuters) Reuters - Cities in Okinawa expressed outrage at\the U.S. military on Tuesday for refusing to allow Japanese\police investigate the wreckage of a Marine helicopter that\crashed in the grounds of a university there last week.
Slowing Housing Market May Stir Inflation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - As U.S. home purchases slow, an  expected rise in demand for rentals will result in a spike in  inflation, analysts say, citing studies showing housing costs  have been under-reported by the government.
Colombia, rebels spar over prisoner swap BOGOTA, Colombia - Colombias main rebel group on Monday criticized a government proposal to swap jailed guerrillas for kidnapped politicians, soldiers and three American contractors, saying any deal should allow its freed comrades to return to the
Update 3: United Aims to Replace Pension Plan United Airlines #39; workers are getting formal details on how the bankrupt company wants to replace their traditional pension with a 401(k)-style benefit plan - plus further steep reductions in pay and other benefits.
Vaughan misses the tour opener ENGLAND captain Michael Vaughan has decided to rest for the opening match of their South Africa tour against Nicky Oppenheimer #39;s XI in Randjesfontein today.
Fleet workers get pink slips STAFF WRITER; Staff writers Alan J. Wax and Regina Marie Glick contributed to this story. As Bank of America pushes ahead with its takeover of Fleet Bank, about 1,000 jobs were cut companywide yesterday throughout the Northeast, ...
Nigeria military orders halt to delta patrols The Nigerian military on Friday ordered a halt to patrols around the Niger Delta to underscore the government #39;s commitment to a truce agreed with militants, a senior oil industry source said.
Dodgers keep it going The Dodgers have spent many recent Octobers watching postseason baseball on television. This year, they'll be playing.
England clinch sevens title England tonight won their first ever Emirates Airline Dubai Sevens title by beating a fiery Fijian side 26-21 in a pulsating final.
Trash Begins to Clutter International Space Station By MARCIA DUNN    CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- There's no space in the space station...
Climbing to a dream On a clear day, you can see the Chateau Frontenac in Quebec City from her home in Chateau-Richer. But one day, nine years ago, a young volunteer working at a World Cup
Kings 88 Bucks 79 SACRAMENTO, Calif. Peja Stojakovic (PAY #39;-zhah stoy-AH #39;-koh-vich) scored 12 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter and the Sacramento Kings rallied for their fifth straight victory, 88-to-79 over Milwaukee.
Cox Enterprises to Buy Cox Public Stake (Reuters) Reuters - Cox Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said\it will purchase Cox Communications Inc.'s  minority\public stake for  #36;8.3 billion, in a move to privatize the\publicly traded cable company and insulate it from the short\term demands of Wall Street.
N.D. Consortium Wins NASA Research Job (AP) AP - NASA has awarded control of its DC-8 research aircraft to the Upper Midwest Space Consortium at the University of North Dakota, a move officials say will create new jobs at the university and give it added national prestige.
Samsung to slot a hard drive into handsets One-inch media storage drive marks a step forward for convergence of mobile devices.
Has Your PC Gone Phishing? (PC World) PC World - Study shows most attacks come from exploited PCs beloging to DSL or cable customers.
Texans 24, Chiefs 21 The Kansas City Chiefs were 2 yards away from taking a double-digit lead against Houston, hoping to avoid their first 0-3 start in 24 years.
Jets #39; failing  #39;O #39; is a sore spot The Jets have big problems on offense. The quarterback has a sore throwing shoulder and some of his teammates have sore feelings. Chad Pennington, who returned two weeks ago from a strained
Virgin Group to launch US online music service LOS ANGELES, California, United States of America - Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group said Monday it was jumping into online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; for US customers offering song downloads for 99 cents.
Union prez threatens nationwide strike against 26 airlines Flight attendants union president Patricia Friend has threatened a nationwide strike against 26 airlines if US Airways ditches its union contracts while in bankruptcy.
LNR Property Shares May Rise on Cerberus Purchase Agreement Shares in LNR Property Corp., the real estate development company spun off from Lennar Corp., may rise after the company agreed to be bought by a group led by Cerberus Capital Management LP for \$3.
Live digital TV arrives on mobile phones TV addicts need never again be far away from their next digital telly fix, thanks to a chip being developed by Texas Instruments (TI) for mobile phones.
Spy scandal rocks Paris A DOZEN former government officials and police officers have gone on trial for tapping phones so late president Francois Mitterrand could keep tabs on personal enemies.
5 Pacers and 5 Fans Are Charged in Fight No Pistons players were charged for the Nov. 19 brawl the brother of Detroit's Ben Wallace, was charged for throwing punches at the Pacers' Fred Jones.
India News: Truckers #39; strike enters second day (NIGHT LEAD) The finance minister said he suspected a role for transport booking agents in misguiding the truck operators and inciting them to go on strike.
France's first gay TV station launches with diet of porn, ""Wonder Woman"" (AFP) AFP - France's first gay and lesbian television station was to go to air, beaming a steady diet of homosexual porn, daily repeats of  quot;Wonder Woman quot; and English language comedies into subscribers' homes.
Abu Hamza is charged over  #39;urging followers to kill Jews #39; Abu Hamza, the radical Muslim preacher, was charged yesterday with 16 offences, including urging his followers to murder Jews. The former imam of Finsbury Park Mosque
Egypt to Host Military Funeral for Arafat  CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt, where Yasser Arafat began his  political life and where biographers say he was born, will host  a military funeral for the Palestinian president on Friday  before he is buried in the West Bank, officials said.
2 killed by suicide bomber at station JERUSALEM -- A Palestinian teenager blew herself up at a busy Jerusalem bus station yesterday, killing two Israeli policemen who stopped her for a security check and wounding 16 bystanders in an attack that evaded Israel's clampdown on the West Bank for the Jewish holidays.
Tehran sticks by  #39;right #39; to master nuclear fuel cycle Iran repeated Sunday it had a  quot;right quot; to master the sensitive nuclear fuel cycle, ahead of an expected proposal from Europe calling for Tehran to abandon such work in exchange for diplomatic and trade incentives.
IBM Selling PC Unit to China's Lenovo (Reuters) Reuters - IBM is selling its\PC-making business to China's largest personal computer\company, Lenovo Group Ltd., for  #36;1.25 billion, marking the U.S.\company's retreat from an industry it helped pioneer in 1981.
Grace Park leads them a merry dance in Korea Grace Park might have made a shaky start on day three of the CJ Nine Bridges event in Korea today, but by the time she had finished the only ones shaking were those who had to follow in her wake.
SMART-1 arrives at the Moon It #39;s been a long trip, but Europe #39;s first Moon mission is finally nearing its goal. SMART-1, launched by the European Space Agency (ESA) way back on 27 September 2003, will go into orbit around the Moon on 15 November.
&lt;em&gt;The Register&lt;/em&gt; is band full of s**t &lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; AV specialist throws wobbler
Fox Sports Net to Televise AFL Games (AP) AP - Fox Sports Networks will carry Arena League regular-season games on 11 of its regional networks in a deal announced Thursday.
Stocks Open Higher as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Friday,  as oil prices retreated and tech stocks showed strength on the  opening day of the fourth quarter.
MyDoom seeks to destroy antivirus firms In worm's latest version, authors ridicule rival worm Netsky and promise to attack Symantec, McAfee and others.
Support independent journalism Please donate now to our Fall Fund Drive to help the Monitor bring you insightful, quality journalism.
Developing nations, coal users to account for growth: IEA WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- If current government policies stay as they are, emissions of carbon dioxide from energy production activities will grow by about 60 percent between now and 2030, a report released by the International Energy Agency on Tuesday said.
Cricket: England defeat India Andrew Flintoff is the hero as England beat India by 70 runs at The Oval to win the NatWest Challenge.
Ex-Guardsman Contacted Kerry Campaign AUSTIN, Texas - A retired Texas National Guard official mentioned as a possible source for disputed documents about President Bush's service in the Guard said he passed along information to a former senator working with John Kerry's campaign.    Also, a White House official said Saturday that Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously...
It #39;s USC and Oklahoma Even in a year when college football #39;s No. 1- and 2-ranked teams remained that way from start to finish and will the play in the national championship, the Bowl Championship Series can #39;t escape scrutiny and controversy.
South Ossetia ceasefire discussed Georgia and South Ossetia negotiate the details of a truce they forged, despite reports of a village attack.
Unusual mixed breeds of dogs have their day. Angie Daugherty was so eager to take possession of her new-breed Labradoodle pup that she drove up to Lapel to see it at two weeks of age.
Not Everybody Loves Raymond Finding people who like the way he has run Merck, the giant drug maker, is much harder. Mr. Gilmartin has been chairman of Merck since November 1994.
Chip gear sales now expected to shrink Global sales of chip equipment are expected to fall 5.2 percent next year, an industry group said Wednesday in a sharp reversal of its midyear forecast of 24 percent growth.
Nedved hangs up international boots The 32-year-old European footballer of the year said this month that he would not return to the national squad until he had fully recovered from a knee injury.
Moonlight Special (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - It's rare, but sometimes a good manager at an expensive load fund can be found making a little extra money on the side by also running a cheaper, comparable no-load fund. In fund argot, this moonlighting is called ""subadvising."" Why not go for the cheaper fund where the hotshot manager does extra duty? Especially when the second fund's performance mirrors or even exceeds the star manager's marquee fund.
Kotak Mahindra Bank to sell 2.7 stake to Warburg Pincus The board of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd has approved an issue of shares representing a 2.75 per cent stake to Warburg Pincus International LLC.
Weep for the British Grand Prix The British Grand Prix debacle, which we forecast yesterday, was inevitable, given the parties involved in the negotiations. The race will no doubt return one day to the Formula 1 calendar but that is not
Airbus Denies Backing Microsoft in EU Case Aircraft maker Airbus (EAD.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) insisted on Thursday it had no intention of taking sides in a Microsoft (MSFT.
Israeli Soldiers Kill Two Gaza Militants (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot and killed two\Palestinian militants near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza\Strip on Tuesday, Palestinian and Israeli sources said.
Transactions BASEBALL Kansas City (AL): Activated P Jeremy Affeldt from the 15-day DL; optioned P Jorge Vasquez to Wichita (Texas League).
Majerus Takes USC Job, With Docs' OK (AP) AP - Rick Majerus' new basketball coaching job comes with a doctor's permission slip. Given the OK to return to the high-stress, late-night, eat-on-the-run profession he loves, Majerus took over Southern California's underachieving program Wednesday although he won't be on the bench this season.
In Frustration, Brown Breaks His Hand in Loss Yankees pitcher Kevin Brown channeled every bit of his anger into one hard punch into the clubhouse wall during the Yankees' loss on Friday at Yankee Stadium.
Dollar down on intervention doubt Fading hopes for intervention by European and Japanese central banks depress the dollar to new lows against the euro, yen and pound.
Fannie Mae #39;s woes may cost home buyers US home buyers may see a slight rise in mortgage rates if housing finance company Fannie Mae, which is mired in an accounting scandal, slows purchases of bonds backed
Thunderbird Leaves the Nest The Mozilla Foundation announced the release version of its new email client, Thunderbird today. Roughly a month after the Mozilla Foundation made history by launching the first mass market open source browser
Union Could Get Suspensions Lessened, Experts Say NEW YORK - The NBA players union will win its appeal to reduce the suspensions doled out to Ron Artest and two other Indiana Pacers who brawled with Pistons fans last week, a sports business expert predicted Tuesday.
Pioneering McCaw at epicenter of cell deals The announced union of Sprint and Nextel Communications yesterday marked the second mega-deal in the wireless industry this year - and the second involving a life change for a Craig McCaw-built venture.
Barghouti may be ready to quit PA race Jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti may be close to withdrawing from the race for Palestinian Authority president. Hatem Abdel Kader, a member of Fatah #39;s
Americans and Dutch Strike Gold in Cycling  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States proved there is more  to U.S. cycling than Lance Armstrong on Wednesday and Leontien  Zijlaard-van Moorsel of the Netherlands became the most  successful woman in Olympic cycling history.
Danvers finally breaks through Danvers quarterback Chris Small and senior Ned Grady have been playing football together since they were children.
US ; Google launches new search tool US News, California, Mountain View: Google Inc. has rolled out a preliminary version of its new desktop search tool, making the first move against its major competitors in the race to provide tools for finding information buried in computer hard drives.
Airbus-maker EADS raises forecasts European aerospace giant EADS more than doubled its profit in the first nine months of the year, topping market expectations as a rebound in civil
WTO Rules Against EU Protection of Goods (AP) AP - The European Union said Friday its system of protecting names for regionally produced foods such as Champagne and Parma ham was strengthened by an initial ruling from the World Trade Organization.
Arty cosmetic surgery alternative Adiences of an exhibition are being invited to see what they would look like if they had cosmetic surgery.
Ramjet aims at record Mach 10 speed NASA will attempt to set the world speed record for an air-intake engine tomorrow. The X-43A Hyper-X is a supersonic ramjet that may lead to more efficient launch vehicles and missiles in the future.
Hamas Member Escapes Damascus Attack, Israel Blamed Syria blamed Israel #39;s Mossad intelligence service for a bombing in Damascus on Monday which a Palestinian source in Beirut said was a failed attempt to kill a member of the militant Hamas group.
UN Rights Officials Talks of War Crimes in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. envoys told the Security\Council on Thursday that war crimes had probably occurred on ""a\large and systematic scale"" in Sudan's Darfur region and called\for foreign police to help stop abuses.
Powell Meets With Haitian Leaders Secretary of State Colin Powell met on Wednesday with Haitian political leaders and other opponents of ousted President Jean Bertrand Aristide in what is likely his last visit to the destitute island nation as the United States' top diplomat.
Kiev back to work in protest lull Ukrainian government workers resume duties as protesters lift blockades ahead of the presidential vote re-run.
Dollar Firms as Focus Turns to U.S. Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar gained tentatively on  Monday, recovering from last week's record low against the euro  and a 4-1/2-year trough against the yen as traders turned their  sights to U.S. economic reports due later in the week.
After Vioxx recall, the FDA and Merck both claim that all other &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;We were wrong about Vioxx, but you can trust us on all those other meds, quot; the FDA seems to be saying. If you enjoy this article, you may also be interested in an article entitled  #39;The FDA remains in state of denial about drug safety questions.
Wal-Mart Fires 7 Execs, Managers (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  fired\three executives and four managers from its Bentonville,\Arkansas headquarters for violating company rules, the company\said on Wednesday.
Winners and losers (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Republicans were the clear winners Tuesday as President Bush won re-election and the party expanded its majorities in both the Senate and House of Representatives. Democrats emerged from the polls with a bad case of the ""blues"" and a mandate to figure out what went wrong.
\$12 million payment over allegations in sales to military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- First Command has reached a \$12 million settlement with federal regulators for making misleading statements and omitting important information when selling mutual funds to US military personnel.
Watchdog Plays Down Abbey Suitor Fears The City watchdog today played down reports that it had concerns about Abbey National suitor Banco Santander Central Hispano. The Financial Services Authority confirmed
IBM launches Power chip alliance IBM has launched an alliance with 14 other companies to make Big Blue #39;s Power processor more adaptable and widely used. The partnership, called Power.
Jobs report dominates pre-debate spin WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The final monthly jobs report before the Nov. 2 presidential election will be released Friday at 8:30 am Eastern.
Weight of drugs felt Weightlifting #39;s aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters will continue even if it jeopardizes its future in the Olympics, its top official said yesterday following six more positive doping cases in what is again becoming the Games #39; dirtiest sport. Five ...
Cricket-Zimbabwe race probe collapses HARARE (AFP) - A formal hearing into allegations of racism in Zimbabwe cricket, set up here by the International Cricket Council (ICC), collapsed in disarray when the Zimbabwe Cricket Union (ZCU) and the rebel players refused to budge on witness procedure
Coach was in on the pass game FOXBOROUGH -- Bill Belichick is a pretty good salesman. He was able to pitch to his team for weeks that setting an NFL record by winning 19 straight games, including postseason, was not important. Yet after his team set the mark in yesterday's 24-10 win over the Miami Dolphins, Belichick acknowleged the achievement and complimented his players.
Election jitters keep stock gains modest NEW YORK - Wall Street #39;s pre-election jitters left the major stock market indexes with only modest gains Monday, even as crude-oil futures fell near the \$50-per-barrel mark.
Nintendo aims for older crowd with DS Video game giant will be moving past Pokemon pack when it launches the DS on Sunday. \
Earth #39;s  #39;hum #39; springs from stormy seas An enigmatic humming sound made by the Earth may be caused by the planets stormy seas, suggests a new analysis. Japanese seismologists first described the Earths humming signal in 1998.
Abbas: Refugees Will Return to Israel (AP) AP - Mahmoud Abbas, the leading candidate in next week's presidential election, on Monday promised Palestinian refugees they'll be able to return home one day  #151; his most explicit comment yet on an explosive issue that has derailed peace talks in the past.
House Race Turns Ugly in Colorado (AP) AP - The race in Colorado's newest congressional district has turned ugly in the homestretch, with swastikas scrawled on the signs of Republican Rep. Bob Beauprez and deer entrails left on the doorstep of a Democrat.
Jazeera: Iraq Militants Kill Two Macedonia Hostages  DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group in Iraq said it had  killed two Macedonian hostages it accused of spying for the  United States, Arabic television Al Jazeera reported Monday.
Hitachi debuts new high-end storage line Hitachi Data Systems on Tuesday launched a new high-end storage hardware device whose motto could essentially be  quot;everyone into the pool.
Nvidia to work on PlayStation 3 chip Graphics chip leader Nvidia announced Tuesday that it is working with Sony to develop the graphics processor for the next version of Sony #39;s PlayStation video game console.
China Southern Airlines board approves taking over two airlines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China Southern Airlines Co. said its board of directors has approved plans to take over China Northern Airlines and Xinjiang Airlines from its parent company.
Retail sales surge on US holiday Sales at United States retailers, including JC Penney and Target, got a boost on the first weekend of the US holiday-shopping season as customers bought discounted retail goods.
Congress OKs foreigners #39; jobs WASHINGTON - Congress is letting employers hire an additional 20,000 foreign high-tech workers under a special visa program after businesses reached the annual ceiling on the first day of the government #39;s fiscal year.
A determined dig in Vietnam for the missing NGHE AN PROVINCE, VIETNAM -- ''They tell me to dig a hole, quot; said Derek Benedix, ''and I dig a hole. quot;
Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep of 400 Meters Jeremy Wariner kept alive U.S. tradition in the 400 meters, winning gold Monday night and leading an American sweep of the medals.
Buzz starts at Dalhousie as team clones fruit flies HALIFAX -- The buzzing. The biting. You #39;d think there were already enough insects in the world to drive you buggy. However, a team of researchers at Dalhousie University in Halifax announced yesterday it had
#39;JpegOfDeath #39; Using Windows Weakness To Spread Trojan Security firm F-Secure warned that the latest Windows vulnerability appears to be attracting more than the typical interest among the hacking community and that given the speed at which the
Rival stent tops Taxus in study NEW YORK -- Results of a Korean study released yesterday show Cordis Corp.'s Cypher drug-coated stent outperformed Boston Scientific Corp.'s Taxus Express2 stent in a multicenter study.
Nymex Narrowly Mixed on Yukos, Gulf Restarts Prices were pushed higher by news on Sunday that Yukos had suspended delivery of 400,000 metric tons a month, or nearly 98,000 barrels a day, of rail-borne crude oil exports to China National Petroleum Co.
Liberals retable pot bill Adding a dash of cash to sweeten the pot, the Liberal government has retabled its much-maligned marijuana bill. Justice Minister Irwin Cotler reintroduced the cannabis reform package
Nokia gets a slice of BlackBerry pie Finnish phone giant is the latest to make its devices compliant with Research In Motion's wireless e-mail service.
Senior Chinese Leader to Visit N.Korea Next Week  BEIJING (Reuters) - Senior Chinese leader Li Changchun is  to visit North Korea next week, the Xinhua news agency reported  on Saturday as China tries to coax Pyongyang into fresh talks  on the crisis over its nuclear ambitions.
Sharon, Abbas say they are willing to meet Ahead of an expected meeting between both sides #39; foreign ministers in The Hague, Sharon told Newsweek magazine that he was ready to meet with the post-Yasser Arafat leadership whenever they wanted.
Pension crisis answer  #39;unpalatable #39; People face poverty in retirement unless they save more, a major report into pensions will reveal. The Pensions Commission report says that there is a 57 billion shortfall in the amount people are saving for retirement.
Nikkei Falls for Ninth Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei edged down 0.27 percent to  close lower for the ninth day in a row on Wednesday, its  longest losing streak in two years, as worries over the impact  of high oil prices on earnings weighed on exporters.
EMIRATES STADIUM CASH FOR GUNNERS ARSENE WENGER was today given a huge Premiership title boost after Arsenal agreed a multi-million pound sponsorship deal for their new 400m Ashburton Grove stadium.
One billion kids  #39;miss childhood #39; A report by a kids #39; group says more than half of the children in the world are suffering because of the effects of war, poverty and the HIV virus.
U.S. Knew Last Year of Flu Vaccine Problems The FDA found serious problems of bacterial contamination 16 months before Britain closed the site.
Reuters Up on Report Instinet Up for Sale (Reuters) Reuters - Shares in global news and information\provider Reuters Group Plc rose to their highest level since\April after a report Thursday that the firm may sell its U.S.\electronic trading subsidiary, dealers said.
Syrian Ally Named as Lebanon's Premier  BEIRUT, Oct. 21 -- Lebanon's president appointed a staunchly pro-Syrian politician, Omar Karami, as prime minister on Thursday, asking him to form the next government in a move that consolidates Syria's hold on Lebanese politics.
Delta pilots agreed on cost saving package On Wednesday, Delta pilots agreed on cost saving plan of the company as Delta Air Lines is trying to avoid possible filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Red Hat upgrades security Update to Enterprise Linux 3 also includes support for IBM Power5 servers, new driver support and bug fixes.
Spitzer #39;s beady eye of the law spooks insurers Insurance salesmen are used to having a reputation for probity and trustworthiness roughly on a par with second-hand car dealers. That #39;s beginning to look like the good old days, since America #39;s leading brokers
Wenger Considers Petit Option Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he may consider re-signing former Gunners star Emmanuel Petit. The Frenchman is currently training with the Premiership champions as he bids to find a new club.
Liquor Ads Allowed NASCAR returns to its roots by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored by distilled spirits.
Jimenez takes lead over Ryder Cup pals Miguel Angel Jimenez shot a 5-under-par 66 Saturday to regain the lead in the European Masters with Ryder Cup teammates Luke Donald and Sergio Garcia a stroke behind.
Nutt Boasts Good Record Against Texas (AP) AP - Since taking over at Arkansas in 1998, coach Houston Nutt is 21-0 against nonconference opponents in the regular season.
Glazer Raises Stake in Manchester United (AP) AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer increased his stake in Manchester United by an additional 15.8 million shares Friday, sources told The Associated Press, increasing speculation he will try to take control of the world's richest soccer club.
West Brom names former star player Bryan Robson manager Bryan Robson is returning to West Bromwich Albion after a 23-year absence. Robson left West Brom in 1981 as one of England #39;s top players to join Manchester United.
VARSITY MATCH Oxford regained the MMC Trophy with a hard-fought 18-11 win over Cambridge in the Varsity match at Twickenham. Jon Fennell kicked Oxford into an early lead, but a well-worked try from Fergie Gladstone saw Cambridge hit back.
Japan win baseball bronze Japan #39;s all-professional team have overpowered newcomers Canada 11-2 to win the Olympic baseball bronze medal, restoring some of their pride following a shock 1-0 semi-final loss to Australia.
NEC develops CD, DVD, HD-DVD drive prototype (MacCentral) MacCentral - Engineers at NEC Corp. have developed a prototype optical disc drive that supports the new HD-DVD format and is also compatible with CD and DVD formats, they said Wednesday.
Date Set for Auction Of Russian Oil Giant The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase Friday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company #39;s
Video of UN hostages telecast A video shown on Arabic television Sunday shows three people believed to be UN hostages who were seized by militants in Afghanistan.
OU #39;s Jason White Hopes To Repeat With Heisman NEW YORK -- Oklahoma quarterback Jason White (pictured, below) hopes to do something only one other college football player has ever accomplished: win a second Heisman Trophy.
Malaysia's Anwar Loses Bid to Lift Political Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian rebel politician  Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court bid to erase  his criminal record, leaving a royal pardon as his only option  for a swift return to politics.
Experts Warn of Net Flu Vaccine Scam Vaccines for sale online can be dangerous, and sellers could be perpetrating credit card fraud.
Bobcats Nail Down Franchise's First Win (AP) AP - Gerald Wallace slid face-first off the court after a hard foul, popped back up and looked at the scoreboard. He wasn't seeing things  #151; the Charlotte Bobcats really were on their way to the first win in franchise history.
VW workers launch warning strikes HANOVER - About 4,000 Volkswagen workers stayed off the job for about an hour Friday to press demands for higher wages that remained unresolved after a fifth round of talks between their union and management at Europe #39;s largest car maker.
Brazil Amazon Deforestation Jumps, Data Show An area of Amazon jungle larger than the US state of New Jersey has been destroyed this year and work on a new highway is mainly to blame, environmental group Friends
US retail sales remain strong in Nov Retail sales rose 0.1pc in November, for the third straight monthly increase. Auto sales declined 1.3pc in the month, after falling 0.5pc in the previous month.
Allenby predicts Masters surge Defending champion Robert Allenby is confident of quickly bridging the gap between himself and tournament leader Bradley Hughes in today #39;s third round of the Australian Masters at Huntingdale in Melbourne.
Microsoft #39;s Piracy Replacement Offer: Trick Or Treat? Microsoft UK is offering FREE licensed copies of Windows XP to anyone who is willing to give up their counterfeit copies in exchange.
Adobe, Yahoo to Integrate Products (Reuters) Reuters - Adobe Systems Inc.  and\Yahoo Inc.  on Monday said they have signed a deal to\combine Adobe services, like its widely used document-sharing\program, with Yahoo's Web search functions.
PM Pledges Russia Will Meet Oil Goals Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov pledged Friday that Russia would keep meeting its oil export commitments to China, an apparent reference to fears that a cut in production at the beleaguered Yukos oil company could harm Beijing.
Study: Big Predators Don #39;t Last Long Apparently, the same things that makes large, toothy predators so good at hunting big game also make them more vulnerable to extinction - as is shown in a new study of a
Lenovo confirms talks with  #39;major #39; IT company China #39;s Lenovo Group is in talks with a major international IT company regarding an acquisition, it said in an announcement to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
IBM to support Sybase for Linux IBM is extending its support for the products of one of its software competitors, Sybase, to present a Linux server-software package.
RealNetworks Slashes Prices For Music Downloads For three weeks, it will sell songs for 49 cents and albums for \$4.99--a move that could spark a price war.
Equatorial Guinea Prosecutor Wants Death For S. African  #39;mercenary &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MALABO, Aug 23 (AFP) - Equatorial Guinea #39;s attorney general said Monday he will call for the death penalty for South African Nick Du Toit, accused of leading a group of alleged mercenaries who plotted to oust President Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
EU-25 among least corrupt in global index Corruption is rampant in sixty countries of the world and the public sector continues to be plagued by bribery, says a report by a respected global corruption watchdog.
NASA Hedges Bets on Hubble The space agency taps Lockheed Martin and MD Robotics to build robotic technology it may use to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope. By Amit Asaravala.
Usual suspects could be challenged The pressure on IRL IndyCar Series championship leaders Tony Kanaan and Buddy Rice is beginning to increase with the end of the 2004 season just eight weeks -- or five races -- away.
Greek weightlifter stripped of medal for drugs Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis, Greece #39;s first medal winner at the Athens Olympics, was stripped of his bronze medal and excluded from the Games Sunday for a doping offense, another big blow for the host nation which is welcoming the homecoming
Celtic v Inverness CT Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill has rubbished talks of a crisis after his side came in for criticism recently. With the success he has had since his arrival he has become immune to having his team scrutinised following defeat.
Napster Going Mobile To Dial Up Ring Tone Sales  quot;Napster Mobile is a natural extension for the biggest brand in digital music and will enhance our development of wireless delivery, quot; Napster Chairman and CEO Chris Gorog said.
Henson plays for Cowboys, now will he start? Now Henson is waiting like everyone else to find out if he #39;ll soon be the starting quarterback. Coach Bill Parcells today said starter Vinny Testaverde is questionable because of a sore shoulder and back.
US ends its final drought The US swept into the Davis Cup final for the first time in seven years when Bob and Mike Bryan crushed Max Mirnyi and Vladimir Voltchkov of Belarus to give the host an unassailable 3-0 lead in the semi-final.
Newcastle United Football Club back in for Rooney? Everton Football Club have rejected an offer of 20million from Newcastle United Football Club for Wayne Rooney - although they may return with an improved offer.
Report Faults Military Technology in Iraq War  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Front-line U.S. troops often lacked  access to surveillance and intelligence data during the  invasion of Iraq because of computer glitches, Technology  Review magazine reported on Tuesday, citing a classified report  by Rand Corp.
AOL launches shopping service MIAMI - America Online Inc. has launched an online shopping service called inStore that lets users search for products, compare prices and features and set up price-drop alerts.
Mission extended for Mars robots NASA has announced that its Mars robots Spirit and Opportunity would work six months longer than expected. NASA made the decision after re-establishing radio contact with the twin rovers, which had spent 12 days behind the Sun.
Smaller, Cuter Isn #39;t Always Better NEW YORK - Now that digital music players have evolved beyond the ability to store 20 gigabytes worth of music, storage capacity memory is no longer the only factor to consider before buying.
Williams takes off for Jets Julius Williams is a well-mannered student at East Boston High School by day. Once he steps into his phone booth and straps on his cleats and shoulder pads, he becomes a superhero to Jets fans and a formidable foe to opponents. Williams and the rest of the Eastie squad grinded until there was no mud left in Charlestown yesterday afternoon ...
Sniffing worm snoops network PCs The latest variant of the SDbot worm contain network-sniffing software that enables it to retrieve passwords from other computers connected to the target PC.
UK Gives VoIP Its Own Area Code Ofcom, the United Kingdom #39;s regulatory agency for telecommunications, revealed plans to facilitate voice over IP in the residental market, including a new prefix for broadband numbers.
The boob tube on your smartphone Handset manufacturers unite to develop TV-enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to watch Survivor on your cell phone anytime soon.
Chemical Ali Will Be the First to Go on Trial The former Iraqi general known as Chemical Ali, who is accused of using chemical weapons attacks to kill thousands of Kurds, will be the first of Saddam Husseins cohorts to stand trial next week, a government official said today.
Colangelo resigns as CEO of D-Backs Jerry Colangelo has resigned his position as chief executive officer of the Arizona Diamondbacks, effective immediately, handing the reins of the organization to CEO Elect Jeff Moorad.
Sweeping View of Saturn #39;s Rings Summary - (Dec 6, 2004) This sweeping view of Saturn #39;s rings shows the incredible detail and grandeur of the system, from the outer F ring to the inner C ring.
Impressive Russian Bovina Clinches New Haven Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elena Bovina added her name to the  list of Russians to watch at next week's U.S. Open when she  beat Nathalie Dechy to win the New Haven Open Saturday.
At Least 27 Dead, 36 Injured in India Train Crash Two passenger trains collided head-on in northern India Tuesday, killing at least 27 people and injuring 36, officials said, blaming the accident on communications problems between stations.
Iraq: US Soldiers Wounded in Ramadi, Attacks Hit Samarra BAGHDAD, Iraq -- The US military said 20 American soldiers have been wounded Saturday in Iraq in the insurgent stronghold city of Ramadi.
Home Depot settles EEOC lawsuit Company to pay out \$5.5 million The discrimination claim was brought on behalf of Colorado employees. The chain denies misconduct.
P2P sites shut down, MPAA unleashes lawsuits worldwide In the beginning, there was Napster. And the lords of the music industry looked upon it and declared war. And the hordes of music fans fought back, using technology to the utmost in order to continually stay
Henman back in form LAST week, Tim Henman had blood tests that revealed a magnesium deficiency after defeat in Madrid. Yesterday, however, the British No 1 looked fully recovered with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over
UAL plans non-union pay cuts SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- UAL Corp, parent of United Airlines, said late Monday it will cut pay of salaried workers and management beginning Jan. 1 as part of its goal to emerge from bankruptcy.
Tech industry struggles with age-old conundrum The silver-haired set is a growing yet elusive demographic for IT product engineers and Web site designers.
Pakistan welcomes reduction of troops in IHK ISLAMABAD : Pakistan has welcomed Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs announcement about the Indian Governments intent to reduce troops in IHK.
Apple tangles with owner of itunes.co.uk (MacCentral) MacCentral - U.K.-based Internet entrepreneur Benjamin Cohen says that he got an unexpected shock last month after he checked his voicemail and heard a lawyer representing Apple Computer Inc. telling him to hand over his Web site domain, itunes.co.uk. Apple alleges that Cohen's CyberBritain Holdings Ltd is a ""cybersquatter"" just sitting on the domain hoping for a big settlement; Cohen denies the allegation.
Revenge of the grunts -- Star Wars game puts little guys at the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When you first pick up Star Wars: Battlefront, if you #39;re a seasoned gamer, it will be hard to get a three-word description out of your head.
Team USA Says Labor Woes Won't Affect Cup (AP) AP - Team USA players promise NHL labor problems that could threaten the upcoming season won't be a distraction at the World Cup of Hockey.
Trip to Ireland Memorable for Some Golfers (AP) AP - Some players at the 84 Lumber Classic thought they were getting a perk unlike any other on the PGA Tour. They wound up with a flight they won't soon forget.
Compu-tainment In Los Angeles on Tuesday, Microsoft trumpeted a new era of  quot;digital entertainment anywhere. quot; The company unveiled the latest Windows XP Media Center PCs, aimed at bringing the computer into consumers #39; living rooms; announced the formal launch of its
Suicide Bombing At Iraqi Police Station Kills 20, Injures 36 A car bomb detonated Saturday outside a police academy in the Kirkuk as hundreds of trainees and civilians were leaving for the day, killing at least 20 people and wounding 36, authorities said.
Cabrera comes back after wife #39;s surgery Orlando Cabrera rejoined the Boston Red Sox last night after missing two games to be with his wife in Colombia.  quot;He called me about 10 this morning, and said he was back, quot; Red Sox
Iraqi Insurgents Shoot Down U.S. Army Helicopter Earlier today, insurgents attacked an American patrol in southern Baghdad, killing one American and wounding three others, the miiltary said.
UK Amazon Boss Dreams of a Digital Christmas (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com's UK chief hopes sales of\digital music players and DVDs will propel the online retailer\to its best quarter ever as footsore shoppers abandon the high\street for their Internet terminals.
UPDATE: Wary Of Watchdog, Coke #39;s Amatil Turns to Fruit SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Prevented by regulators from getting too big in the juice market, Asia Pacific #39;s largest softdrinks bottler Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd.
SCH still expects to close Abbey takeover by year end (AFP) AFP - The Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said it still expects to complete its acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National by the end of this year.
Iraq Keeps South Oil Pipeline Shut (Reuters) Reuters - Authorities kept a main oil pipeline in\southern Iraq shut on Sunday rather than risk it being\attacked, restricting the country's exports to half normal\levels, a South Oil Official said.
Smith Upbeat About Playing Sunday (AP) AP - Fifteen years in the NFL have taught Emmitt Smith more than just how to slip tackles. He's also become an example of how to fight through injury.
Apple Unveils Logic Pro 7 Logic Pro 7, the next major release of the award-winning professional music creation and audio production software, will change the way musicians and audio engineers worldwide compose, record, edit and mix music in any studio environment. In addition to more than 100 workflow enhancements, breakthrough new software instruments, new mastering plug-ins and support for Apple Loops, Logic Pro 7 also debuts distributed audio processing, a revolutionary technology which allows audio pros to tap into a virtually unlimited number of Macs to expand available Digital Signal Processing (DSP) power. Sep 29
Opec #39;s delicate balancing act The threat of \$50 a barrel for the New York price seemed very real last month, but in the end it turned out to be a near miss. Still, there is plenty for Opec to think about as the group #39;s energy ministers gather in Vienna.
Raymond James sued by SEC  Raymond James Financial Inc. , a brokerage with 2,200 offices that's based in St. Petersburg, Fla., and the company's former president were sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission for failing to police a broker accused of stealing from investors.
Yakubu earns Portsmouth victory Michael Brown of Tottenham Hotspur (left) blocks a free kick by Patrik Berger of Portsmouth (right) during the English Premiership soccer match at Fratton Park, Portsmouth, Oct. 18.
Liverpool boss  quot;satisfied quot; after Monaco win Liverpool kicked off their Champions League campaign with an impressive 2-0 win over last season #39;s finalists, AS Monaco. Rafael Benitez #39;s side went ahead through a clever goal - Steven Gerrard and Luis Garcia
Marines Find Alleged Iraqi Torture Chamber (AP) AP - Down a steep staircase littered with glass shards and rubble, U.S. Marines descended Thursday to a dark basement believed to have been one of Fallujah's torture chambers. They found bloodstains and a single bloody hand print on the wall  #151; evidence of the horrors once carried out in this former insurgent stronghold.
US, EU Trade Blows on Aircraft Subsidies WASHINGTON, DC / BRUSSELS, Belgium - 10/07/04 - Whatever meager goodwill was gained by the move yesterday - albeit tardy - by Congress to act on the contentious Foreign Sales Corporation - Extraterritorial Income Act (FSC-ETI) export tax mechanism has
Bernie #39;s Brit GP  #39;deadline The owner of British grand prix track Silverstone has forty eight hours to save the historic race, F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone declared Monday.
Digital Contenders All Hotshots Great digital cameras are in danger of becoming commodity items. We just tested five high-end digital cameras, each with at least a 3X optical zoom, 5 megapixels or more of resolution and a
Baseball: Have a seat - sitting in the lap of Chicago Cubs #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CHICAGO It was a birthday gift from his girlfriend and brother, a box-seat ticket to a Chicago Cubs game against Montreal at Wrigley Field.
Debt Ceiling Could Be Hit This Month The government should hit the national debt #39;s \$7.4 trillion ceiling this month, and the Bush administration told Congress again Monday it should raise the limit.
Australian Dollar May Gain on Xstrata Bid for WMC Resources The Australian dollar may gain after Switzerland-based Xstrata Plc bid A\$7.4 billion (\$5.8 billion) for WMC Resources Ltd., stoking speculation it will have to buy dollars to pay shareholders.
NO QUIT IN HOLYFIELD Why is he still doing this? Why would a man who has millions in the bank, who has won the undisputed world heavyweight title four times, climb back into the ring at the age of 42?
LCD glut drives LG Philips profits down 15 Demand for expensive LCD televisions is not growing fast enough to absorb output from a slew of new factories starting production, and analysts expect prices to keep falling into 2005.
Burial Site Found Near Ancient Olympia (AP) AP - Archeologists have discovered ancient graves near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic games were born in 776 B.C., the Culture Ministry said Thursday.
Supporters of Sistani Fired Upon, 20 Dead: Witness (Reuters) Reuters - Supporters of Iraq's top Shi'ite\cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani were fired upon in the\town of Kufa on Thursday and 20 people were killed, a Reuters\photographer said from the scene.
Outgoing Ambassador Of Qatar Meets Musharraf ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Aug 18 (PID) - The outgoing Ambassador of Qatar, Mr. Abdullah Falah A. Al-Dosari paid a courtesy called on the President General Pervez Musharraf here on Tuesday.
Tom Lehman and Briny Baird tied for lead; Stephen Ames four &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (CP) - Tom Lehman and Briny Baird are tied for the lead, and Stephen Ames of Calgary is only four shots behind going into the final round of the Funai Classic golf tournament.
FOXSports.com Posted: 3 minutes ago Could Ricky Williams be rethinking his retirement from the NFL? According to a report in the South Florida Sun-Sentinel the ex-running back has  quot;reached out quot; to Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt and is contemplating a return to the NFL.
Enron #39;s chief financial officer resigns NEW YORK - Enron Corp. Friday said Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned to pursue other job opportunities and will be replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.
Oil Supply Fears Leave Shares Mixed Oil supply concerns and broker downgrades of blue-chip companies left stocks mixed yesterday, raising doubts that Wall Street #39;s year-end rally would continue.
Terror suspect killed during interrogation in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- A Pakistani religious leader, allegedly linked with the al-Qaeda terrorist network, has died here in police custody, local media reported Thursday.
Congress close to renewing ban on Internet access taxes Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.
Cambodia Crowns Former Dancer New King King Norodom Sihamoni, right, prays to Buddhist monks after the bathing ceremony at the Royal Palace in Phnom Penh Friday, Oct. 29, 2004.
Arab-Israeli team seeking to break through boundaries In the violent and volatile world of Israeli-Palestinian relations, a football club Bnei Sakhnin has become a beacon of some hope.
Congress Works to Pass Intelligence Bills (AP) AP - Congressional leaders on Sunday would not guarantee passage of an overhaul of the nation's intelligence agencies by the November election but pledged to try to make it happen.
SUU gets  #39;F #39; for hiring Southern Utah University received an  quot;F quot; grade Wednesday from the Black Coaches Association for the way it hired its most recent head football coach, Wes Meier.
Illinois hires ex-Gators coach Zook Former Florida coach Ron Zook will take over at Illinois, sources told The Associated Press Monday. Zook #39;s hiring as head coach will be announced at a news conference Tuesday, said two
Little Saigon Voters Not Embracing Kerry (AP) AP - In the teeming markets and cafes of Little Saigon, generational changes and misgivings over his policies have weakened President Bush's support among Vietnamese-Americans. Still, few are embracing his Democratic challenger, Sen. John Kerry.
Screensaver tackles spam websites Internet portal Lycos has made a screensaver that endlessly requests data from sites that sell the goods and services mentioned in spam e-mail.
Drug Testing Doesn't Always Tell the Whole Story Academic institutions and researchers are widely viewed as impartial actors in drug trials. But that independence often comes with strings attached.
Pires feels wrath of the France national coach IT RARELY pays for players publicly to question their coach or manager, and after criticising Raymond Domenech, the France coach, Robert Pires was yesterday dropped from the national squad to play Poland in a friendly on Wednesday.
Kabul bounty hunter trial resumes The trial of three Americans accused of torture and hostage-taking in Afghanistan is due to resume shortly in the capital, Kabul. Last week the US Federal Bureau of Investigation released material which could be used as evidence in the case.
Marvel Battles Role Players Marvel says the massively multiplayer City of Heroes lets players create characters that resemble its own, so the company is suing. That's not sitting well with free-speech advocates. By Daniel Terdiman.
Two fathers keep vigil for Manny The surgeon who treated a young Jakarta blast victim fears the five-year-old may have paralysis, reports Connie Levett from Singapore.
CDs to Dominate for Years Over Net Downloads-Study (Reuters) Reuters - The compact disc has at least another\five years as the most popular music format before online\downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on\Tuesday.
Malice at the Palace - the last thing the NBA needed for their &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Take your pick of culprits in the stunning melee Friday night at The Palace of Auburn Hills, in a heated game between Central Division rivals: the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons and Indiana Pacers.
Profit From That Traffic Ticket Got a traffic ticket? Can't beat 'em? Join 'em by investing in the company that processes those tickets.
Single mom wants to make most of financial assets (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Your Portfolio:  Each month a financial planner reviews a reader's portfolio and suggests improvements.
Gold Eyes New Highs (Reuters) Reuters - Gold broke to new 16-1/4-year highs\above  #36;450.00 an ounce on Thursday, before pausing as players\began to eye the next big target of  #36;455, traders said.
Mental miscues hurt the Gators Flinching in the trenches, holding around quarterback Chris Leak and even a late hit by punter Eric Wilbur plagued Florida throughout the game.
Nasas scramjet breaks speed record at 7000mph An unmanned Nasa jet screamed into the record books high over the Pacific Ocean by reaching speeds of almost 7000 mph, brightening hopes that humans might one day be able to fly across a continent in minutes instead of hours.
Bison overkill theory maybe debunked by DNA Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Stocks Slightly Ahead, Lower Oil Helps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly higher on  Tuesday, with lower oil prices helping support markets, but  Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; dragged on the Dow following a report  of a possible \$24 billion takeover of cardiovascular device  maker Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;.
No decision on price hike of fuels: Aiyar: Business India: New Delhi, Oct 30 : The government Saturday deferred a decision on the issue of hiking prices of petroleum products.
Technique allows more resilient semiconductors In an advance that could lead to lighter spacecraft and smarter cars, researchers have developed a new technique for producing a high-quality computer chip that is much more resistant to extreme conditions than the silicon found in most of today #39;s
Intel to exceed previous Q4 expectations Intel officials said yesterday that the company's fourth-quarter revenue will total between \$9.3 billion and \$9.5 billion, pushed up by demand for its desktop, notebook and server processors.
Walgreen: Prescription for Success Walgreen (NYSE: WAG), a company that has built a business largely on prescription drugs, reported its 30th consecutive year of record sales and earnings today.
Va. Tech speeds up Mac OS X supercomputer by almost 20 OCTOBER 26, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Virginia Tech #39;s all-Mac OS X supercomputer at the university #39;s Terascale Computing Facility made headlines last year when it was determined to be the third-fastest supercomputer in the world.
Tyson Cuts Forecast on Chicken Prices, Grain Costs (Update5) Tyson Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest meat processor, reduced its forecast of annual profit because of higher costs for feed grain and a drop in beef and chicken prices.
Beagle team probes its own loss The UK-led Beagle 2 team maintains its Mars lander was probably lost because of unexpected atmospheric conditions during entry.
Sales of PC #39;s Buoy Results at Microsoft Buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, the Microsoft Corporation yesterday reported strong growth in profits and sales even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
Yahoo! loses US appeal over French ruling on Nazi auctions Yahoo! has lost an appeal against a US district courts ruling which said that the company does not have to obey a French courts decision requiring it to block French citizens from accessing internet auctions of Nazi memorabilia at Yahoo!
Iran won #39;t abandon nuclear program Iran #39;s top nuclear negotiator says Tehran will never completely abandon its uranium enrichment activities. At a news conference on Tuesday, Hasan Rohani said the current suspension will last only as long as negotiations continue with Europe.
To Provoke and to Heal The murder created a South African icon. On Sept. 12, 1998, a crowd of young men fatally beat Gugu Dlamini, 36, in her village in rural KwaZulu-Natal province after she revealed that she carried HIV.
Ridge Racers PSP site gets green flag Fans nostalgic for the arcade classic have something to look forward to on the new handheld from Sony. TOKYO--Namco today took the official site for its PlayStation Portable version of Ridge Racer live.
Mariners #39; Suzuki Breaks Sisler #39;s Single-Year Hit Mark (Update1) Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners broke Major League Baseball #39;s single-season hit record with two singles against the Texas Rangers.
Molik joins Pratt in last 16 ALICIA Molik joined fellow Australian Nicole Pratt in the last 16 of the Olympic tennis competition overnight with a 7-5 6-4 second round win over Slovenia #39;s Katarina Srebotnik.
Thai riot official death toll questioned A Thai legislator says the death toll from a riot and its aftermath in the largely Muslim south may be far higher than the officially acknowledged 85, most of whom suffocated in army custody.
Abbas, Barghouthi Running Even in Palestinian Poll  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas  and jailed grassroots leader Marwan Barghouthi are  neck-and-neck in the Palestinian presidential election race to  replace Yasser Arafat, an opinion poll showed Monday.
Police warn referee ahead of game Police will talk to referee Mike Riley before Manchester United #39;s home game with Arsenal on Sunday to try to avoid crowd trouble.
Cuba dollar tax comes into force A retaliatory 10 tax on exchange operations involving US dollars comes into force in Cuba on Monday.
Hungary PM Set for Victory Over Citizenship Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Hungary's new prime minister looked to\have scored a major victory on Sunday when the opposition\failed to garner enough votes to pass a referendum giving\citizenship to millions of Hungarians abroad.
Allawi Threatens New Offensive To Take Over Al-Fallujah Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi says time is running out for Al-Fallujah residents to evict foreign fighters from the city of face a US-Iraqi military operation to do so.
Google Slashes IPO, Gets Pricing Go-Ahead  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.OQ&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday got the green light to go ahead with a downsized  version of its much-hyped initial public offering, meaning its  shares could debut on Nasdaq as soon as Thursday.
Tiger Pounces to Win Tiger Woods finishes a disappointing 2004 season with his second straight championship, closing with a 5-under 66 to win the Target World Challenge.
NHL Lockout Glance NEGOTIATIONS: The NHL and the players #39; association held their first negotiating session since Sept. 9 on Thursday. The sides will meet again next Tuesday in either New York or Toronto when the league is expected
UN urges calm on Lebanon border The UN expresses concern over rising tensions on the border between Israel and Lebanon.
AMD Announces New Mobile Chip For Notebooks Advanced Micro Devices announced its plans for a new lineup of mobile Athlon 64-bit processors intended for thin and light notebooks.
Remaking The Red Sox The story of how the Boston Red Sox managed to beat the New York Yankees to make it to the 2004 World Series began in early 2002, when billionaire currency trader and former Yankees #39; limited partner John Henry, along with Tom Werner (producer of Roseanne
UAL, Creditors Agree to Extend Exclusivity 30 Days  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines on Friday said it has  agreed with its creditors' committee to a 30-day extension,  subject to court approval, of the period during which it can  exclusively file a bankruptcy reorganization plan.
Yankees' Sheffield Faces Shoulder Surgery (AP) AP - Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield will have arthroscopic surgery Tuesday on his left shoulder, which didn't improve after two weeks of rehabilitation.
RealNetworks Tries to Core Apple RealNetworks launched round two in its heavyweight digital music match against Apple Computer, slashing the cost of its music downloads to take business away from Apple's iTunes download service. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Summary: U.N Draft Ban on Human Cloning (AP) AP - CLONING DECLARATION: U.N. diplomats are poised to approve a draft declaration to outlaw human cloning, a non-binding agreement that would not outlaw research cloning.
Independent study finds robotic rescue mission costly, uncertain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An aerospace research group says trying to fix the famed space telescope using a robot would cost two (b) billion dollars and take at least five years to get things ready.
Oil price drops but fears remain The price of US crude oil has eased in early trade, after breaching the \$50-a-barrel mark on Friday. Light sweet crude for November delivery fell 42 cents from Friday #39;s \$50.
U.S. calls abuses in Sudan's Darfur region 'genocide'; calls for UN sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The Bush administration for the first time on Thursday labelled as ""genocide"" the attacks on black Africans by a government-backed Arab militia in Sudan's Darfur region.
EarthLink Debuts P2P App Running On SIP EarthLink #39;s R amp;D lab on Thursday released a proof-of-concept application to show how a popular messaging protocol can be used for purposes other than what it was designed, including sharing data.
Rivals: Cisco's tactics unfair (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Cisco Systems' substantial influence over the  #36;8 million technology plan for San Jose's new City Hall reflects a deliberate strategy by the networking giant: get involved in the planning process early to win more business down the road.
Space Race Focuses on Money Now that SpaceShipOne has proved private companies can reach space, the next hurdle is finding investors -- an even more difficult task. By Dan Brekke.
Brussels clears 3.4bn nuclear bail-out for British Energy British Energy won approval from Brussels yesterday for its 3.4bn government-backed bail-out, under the condition that the cash is used exclusively for decommissioning nuclear power plants.
Energy keen to light up Europe Zimbabwe goalkeeper Energy Murambadoro believes it is only a matter of time before he gets a dream move to a top European club. Murambadoro, selected as one of the best players of the 2004 African Cup of Nations
Can video games really be blamed for violence? Alex Dobin can take down a terrorist at 1,000 yards, rip up enemy ground forces with RPGs, and maneuver tanks, helicopters and jets bristling with America #39;s deadliest weapons.
Centrist victorious in Romania BUCHAREST, Romania -- Romanian centrist Traian Basescu scored an upset presidential win yesterday and vowed to replace the ruling ex-communists with a reformist team in the run-up to European Union entry in 2007.
'Ordinary names' to go into space Ordinary people are being given the chance to have their name go into space with the first X-Prize contender craft.
UK/Iraq: 45-minute claim withdrawn Mr Straw made the admission that MI6 (British intelligence) had finally abandoned its dramatic claim when he told British MPs that the Blair government still supported the
Student-Built Satellite Coming to Life European Space Agency -- Scattered in universities across Europe, a 250-strong team of students have never collectively met in person, but between them they have built a space-ready satellite. SSETI Express is currently being integrated in an ESA cleanroom for a planned launch in May next year...
Park continues torrid play at Samsung Grace Park built a four-shot lead at the Samsung World Championship Friday with a tournament record, 36-hole total of 15-under 129.
Palestinians kidnap Israeli, a CNN producer, in Gaza City By israelinsider staff September 27, 2004. An Israeli Druze citizen employed by CNN was kidnapped in Gaza City on Monday evening, by five armed Palestinians.
Egypt wants Guantanamo releases Egypt asks the US to hand over five of its citizens detained at the American military base at Guantanamo Bay.
Nintendo Bets on New Hand-Held Console to Leap Ahead of Sony Nintendo Co., the world #39;s biggest maker of portable game consoles, begins selling its newest hand- held player today, accompanied by a \$40 million advertising push aimed at taking customers away from Sony Corp.
Judge grants Stewart request NEW YORK - A federal judge Tuesday granted Martha Stewart #39;s request to go to prison as soon as possible, ordering her to report by 2 pm Oct. 8. In an order signed Tuesday, US District Court Judge Miriam Cedarbaum
Worker morale may take toll on airlines It is a management truism that low morale among workers inevitably results in low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.
Singh tells Tiger to get back in swing SINCE only the late Sam Snead won more golf tournaments after he turned 40 - the American won 17 times while the Fijian has already claimed 11 victories in 16 months since he reached the same age - its fair to speculate Vijay Singh knows more about how
New polio outbreak adds to woes of Sudanese refugees Polio, which can paralyze small children, has become the latest threat to refugees already struggling with famine and disease in the camps of Darfur.
Vincent, Reed out for Sunday #39;s game Orchard Park, NY (Sports Network) - Veteran cornerback Troy Vincent and wide receiver Josh Reed will not play Sunday when the Buffalo Bills host the St.
Biotech Grass Breeding Raises Concerns PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- Pollen from genetically engineered grass floated more than 12 miles from experimental plots and bred with conventional plants, raising concerns that the biotechnology industry can't control the ""gene flow"" of its creations...
Barcelona #39;s Eto #39;o given racial abuse by Getafe fans Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o was the target of apparent racial abuse from opposition fans during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.
Republicans Sharpen Attacks on Kerry NEW YORK - Republicans sharpened their attacks on John Kerry ahead of the opening of their national convention Monday, with Sen. John McCain suggesting it was fair game to criticize the Democratic candidate's anti-war protests three decades ago...
Tomlinson can #39;t rise to the challenge There was disappointment for Britain in the men #39;s long jump final this evening, after Chris Tomlinson could only manage fifth place.
Gaddafi  #39;Manipulating Idols Show #39; COLONEL Muammar Gaddafi is being accused by Palestinians of unfairly trying to help a Libyan contestant win the Middle East #39; s answer to the TV talent show Idols.
Typhoon Nock-ten lashes Taiwan, bringing heavy rain and fierce &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Typhoon Nock-ten battered Taiwan on Monday as the storm #39;s eye whirled just off the island #39;s eastern coast, drenching mountainous regions with rain that could trigger deadly mudslides.
Baseball Returns to Washington as Expos Move From Montreal Major League Baseball will return to the nation's capital for the first time in more than three decades next season.
Botswana gears up for the polls Supporters cheer Botswana's President Festus Mogae in the last day of campaigning before Saturday's parliamentary polls.
Increased Tumor Risk for Mobile Phone Users  quot;For years, scientists have been trying, without success, to find a link between higher incidences of cancer and the electromagnetic fields produced high voltage power lines.
Man Gets Jail Term for Using Net File-Sharing Software Yoshihiro Inoue used the Winny program at his home in Takasaki, Gunma Prefecture, Japan on September 24 and 25 last year and enabled general computer users to download the Hollywood film  quot;A Beautiful Mind quot; and another movie on the Internet, the ruling said
Independents WESTON Coach : Rich Brissette (fourth year, 11-22). Last year's record: 5-6. Returning starters (7): John Lord, QB, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Aaron Levine, OT/LB, 6-3, 235, Sr.; Jon Dryden, TE, 5-11, 185, Sr.; Henry Lieber, FB, 5-10, 175, Jr.; Jason Stewart, WR, 5-11, 170, Sr.; Matt Howard, S, 6-3, 190, Jr.; Tim Wells, CB, 5-6, 155, Jr. Returning lettermen (3): ...
Coastal NI under threat from melting Arctic Rising sea levels could put many of Northern Irelands most vulnerable coastal areas under threat if carbon dioxide emissions are not cut immediately, a new report has claimed.
'Sopranos,' 'Angels' Win Big at Emmys LOS ANGELES - ""The Sopranos"" finally whacked its competitors in the best drama category at the Emmy Awards, and a comedy series victory for ratings-starved ""Arrested Development"" proved SOMEBODY was watching - but it was HBO and its record-breaking ""Angels in America"" that fluttered away with the most trophies.    HBO's megahit about a New Jersey mob family collected the best drama Emmy on its fifth try Sunday, and the channel's ""Sex and the City"" and ""Angels in America"" helped cable overshadow the traditional networks...
UBS Net Slips on Weak Trading Income Swiss banking giant UBS posted weaker third-quarter net profit on Tuesday, just missing market expectations, hurt by a seasonal fall in trading revenue despite a strong showing by its flagship private bank.
Lycos screen saver attacks spammers At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.
Payless announces profit, stock surges Stock in Payless ShoeSource surged more than 15 percent this morning after the Topeka-based company posted a third-quarter profit compared with year-ago losses, due to improved margins and lower payroll costs.
Dollar Steadies, More Weakness Expected  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar paused near recent  lows Friday but dealers expected selling to resume after a  weekend meeting of G20 finance ministers, while stock investors  sought cover in companies immune to currency risks.
Global Forecasts for 2005 Growth Are Reduced Prospects for the global economy next year are growing dimmer as high oil prices hurt consumption and the unchecked rise in the United States trade deficit depresses the dollar
Baby Charlotte can be allowed to die, judge rules Charlotte Wyatt, the premature baby clinging to life in a hospital oxygen box, is to be allowed to die if her breathing stops. A High Court judge today gave Charlotte #39;s doctors permission not to resuscitate
Virgin boss in space tourism bid Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson announces plans to secure the first commercial flights into space.
Drogba the destroyer as Chelsea fire early JOSE MOURINHO began his latest campaign as he finished the last one - a winner - as his new club Chelsea thrashed French strugglers Paris Saint Germain 3-0 in Paris in their opening match of the tournament on Tuesday.
Milwaukee Bucks Team Report - December 2 (Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Bucks continued to struggle on Wednesday, as they dropped a 101-100 decision to the Boston Celtics at the FleetCenter.
AC Milan #39;s denies brave Celtic AC Milan scored twice in the last two minutes to beat Celtic in a dramatic Champions League clash which edged the Italians closer to the knockout stages.
Microsoft releases desktop search suite to testers Microsofthas joined the desktop search fray with its release Monday of the beta test version of a suite of tools designed to let users find information stored in their PCs.
Nokia, Vodafone team up on Java effort Nokia and Vodafone have positioned themselves at the forefront of further developing Java for mobile devices, with the ultimate aim being more consistent platforms for developers across various handsets.
Twin bomb blasts wound 18 in tense Thai south Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. YALA, Thailand -- Two bomb blasts rocked southern Thailand Friday, injuring at least 18 people as fury mounted
Verizon, Qwest Ask Court to Block FCC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;VZ.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Qwest Communications International Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=Q.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;Q.N&lt;/A&gt; asked a  federal appeals court Tuesday to block temporary rules by the  U.S. Federal Communications Commission forcing the companies to  lease phone lines to rivals for at least another six months.
PIMCO Adviser in \$20 Mln SEC Settlement The PIMCO mutual fund group #39;s adviser and two affiliates will pay more than \$20 million to settle charges involving failure to disclose payments made to brokers for
Russia finds air crash explosive Russian officials say traces of explosive have been found in the debris of one of two crashed airliners.
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
Microsoft ends free Outlook access for Hotmail One of the drawing points for Microsoft #39;s free Hotmail service has been its tight integration with its Outlook e-mail and PIM client.
Tanguay, Zednik join NHL #39;s influx to Europe Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Colorado Avalanche left wing Alex Tanguay and Montreal Canadiens right wing Richard Zednik have both signed with European teams, joining a growing list of talent who will play overseas during the NHL #39;s current labor dispute.
Sex toy creates Oz airport pandemonium A discarded vibrator at Queensland #39;s Mackay airport caused pandemonium after cleaners noticed a rubbish bin humming in a suspicious manner, the Herald Sun reports.
Insurance Executives Fired in Bid Probe  NEW YORK, Nov. 4 -- Companies caught up in New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer's investigation into rigged bids and kickbacks in the insurance industry began firing and suspending executives charged with or suspected of involvement in the alleged wrongdoing.
Australia #39;s Howard targets national security national security with an unusual plan for an Asia-Pacific spy school to counter terrorist threats. George W. Bush, has moved to tighten the nation #39;s defences and intelligence after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States.
GenCorp rejects Steel Partners bid talk request LONDON (CBS.MW) -- GenCorp (GY) said it has rejected an unsolicited takeover approach from Steel Partners II LP that was valued at \$772 million, saying the offer was inadequate.
MedImmune Tapped for More Flu Vaccine MedImmune Inc. said Tuesday that it is evaluating whether it can help stem a threatened flu vaccination shortage by producing more doses of its inhaled vaccine FluMist after a request from federal officials. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
US firm regains TV Nova It has been a long and acrimonious road back, but six years after being forced out as owners of the first commercial television station in the Czech Republic, Central European Media Enterprises is back, spending \$642m (334m) in cash and shares for a
Funds seek Disney change Four major pension funds, including the California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, said Tuesday that they will push for shareholders to be able to nominate up
One China, May Exporters (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - China beckons stock investors with the lure of brisk economic growth. Yet a school of prominent China watchers, led by Morgan Stanley strategist  Andy Xie, warns that the domestic overheating could lead to a ""hard landing"" in sectors ranging from steel to real estate. The Chinese government, worried about that very thing, is trying to rein in the torrid expansion.
MS sues resellers for counterfeit certificates Microsoft is taking action against US resellers who are using dodgy Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to pass off counterfeit software as the real deal.
Stoudemire, Suns Sting Winless Hornets (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored a career-high 38 points, leading the Phoenix Suns to a 95-84 victory over the winless New Orleans Hornets on Wednesday night.
Vick more comfortable with Crumpler Is it possible to win a playoff spot, in this era of aerial supremacy, without a single wide receiver posting 40 catches for the season?
Hamilton #39;s Late Basket Lifts Pistons Over Heat Richard Hamilton banked in the winning shot with 1.3 seconds remaining as the Detroit Pistons edged the Miami Heat 78-77 in Auburn Hills on Friday.
Fifth-Ranked Wisconsin Beats Minnesota  MADISON, Wisconsin (Sports Network) - John Stocco ran for  two touchdowns and threw for another score to lead fifth-ranked  Wisconsin to a 38-14 win over Minnesota in the Big Ten  Conference at Camp Randall Stadium.
Beyonce's Hair Is Worth Millions (AP) AP - Beyonce reportedly makes up to  #36;4.7 million for just 10 days of work a year  #151; and that's just her hair. But she has to inform L'Oreal of ""any radical change to her hair any concert tour may necessitate"" and keep it in excellent condition, according to The Smoking Gun Web site, which has posted the contract between the singer and the cosmetic giant.
Thornton has big assist in finishing the Finns When single-elimination play began in the World Cup of Hockey, Joe Thornton was converted by Team Canada coach Pat Quinn from a high-scoring pivotman to a checking center. His assignment was to shut down the other teams' top combinations. With his size, strength, and hockey sense, Thornton parlayed his new role into a crucial one that helped Canada ...
Burma Still a Concern at ASEM An Asia-Europe summit opened Friday overshadowed by the European Union #39;s threat to slap fresh sanctions on one of the grouping #39;s newest Asian membersmilitary-ruled Burmaif it fails
The dangers of playing hardball The month of November in a US presidential-election year is not supposed to be particularly eventful, but this year may be an exception, in the light of the gathering storm over
Payments rule is one small step in automating banks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The Check Clearing Act for the 21st Century, or Check 21, goes into effect this Thursday without a visible hitch.
Have You Called Your Car Lately? The Viper G.P.S. Tracking System can be reached by the Internet or a cellphone.
PalmOne, Microsoft in deal on mobile e-mail Longtime foes palmOne and Microsoft on Tuesday announced a licensing deal that will allow the next generation of palmOne #39;s Treo smart phones to work directly with Microsoft #39;s Exchange e-mail system.
Almost a third of US birds  quot;declining significantly quot; Around 30 of North America #39;s bird species are declining significantly according to a new report from The National Audubon Society (BirdLife in the US).
Yanukovych votes  quot;for Ukraine #39;s future quot; KYIV. Oct 31 (Interfax-Ukraine) - Ukrainian presidential candidate, Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych said he has  quot;cast his ballot for the future of Ukraine.
Be Funny Or You're Fired  I was traveling on Southwest Airlines a couple of days ago.  It  was kind of weird.  Seemingly, they have implemented a new corporate  policy.
The Ultimate Closer Joe Grzenda ended the life of the Washington Senators as a left-handed reliever who threw the last pitch in the franchise's final game in 1971.
Hot Hand, Cold Hand Martha Stewart, the queen of homemaking, who was granted her wish to start her prison sentence next month, causing stock in her company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
Top brass warns of Iraqi civil war LISBON: US army chief General Richard Myers said in an interview that civil war could erupt in Iraq after forthcoming elections. However, General Myers, the chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff, told the
NASA mulls early retirement for space shuttle Even as NASA gears up for the space shuttle #39;s return to flight next year, officials at the space agency are quietly studying the possibility of cutting back its number of missions
July market commentary  Financial markets had a very tough month, characterised both low trading volumes and fears that the global economic recovery has slowed down.
Imperial Oil moving HQ to Calgary TORONTO and CALGARY - Imperial Oil Ltd. will pull up its Toronto roots and move its head office to Calgary within the year, ending a long-term commitment to run its oil and gas operations out of Eastern Canada.
Hotline: Use it in a sentence We don #39;t have to wait another month to know that blog #39; #39; is the word of the year. So says Springfield-based Merriam-Webster, which tallied queries to its online dictionary.
Canada Confirms Second Mad Cow Case  WINNIPEG, Manitoba (Reuters) - A final laboratory test has  confirmed an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second  case Canada has found in its herd, an industry source briefed  by veterinary officials said on Sunday.
UK Police probe alleged charity fraud plot Police in Britain are questioning nine men in connection with an alleged plot to defraud hundreds of thousands of pounds from the UK national lottery and children #39;s charities.
Clippers escape with victory over Bobcats Like any team bent on abiding by an unwritten rule of following sports cliches, the Clippers say they, yawn, take their games one at a time.
Time Warner broadband suit advances Appeals court breathes new life into challenge of city law requiring homes, offices connect to municipal network.
Three Iraqi National Guards Killed in New Attacks  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A car bomb killed three Iraqi National  Guards in Mosul and rebels mortared a police academy in Baghdad  Monday, underscoring a warning by Secretary of State Colin  Powell that Iraq's insurgency was worsening.
Crude Oil Falls on Skepticism OPEC Will Adhere to Output Quotas Crude oil fell on skepticism that members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will enact promised production cuts.
Brawl mars end for retiring Holtz He #39;d thought about it fondly, envisioning it as his grand ride into the sunset. Who knows, maybe he #39;d even leave the Memorial Stadium playing surface at Clemson victoriously saddled atop his players #39; shoulders.
Iran Group Canvasses for Suicide Bombers (AP) AP - The 300 men filling out forms in the offices of an Iranian aid group were offered three choices: Train for suicide attacks against U.S. troops in Iraq, for suicide attacks against Israelis or to assassinate British author Salman Rushdie.
Cognos offers \$52M for Swedish firm OTTAWA (CP) - Business software firm Cognos Inc. is offering \$52.2 million US for Frango, a Stockholm-based company specializing in financial reporting.
Militants Threaten to Kill US, UK Hostages in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents in Iraq threatened Saturday  to kill 13 hostages, including two Americans and a Briton, and  staged car bomb attacks killing 23 people in Kirkuk and two  U.S. soldiers near Baghdad.
Overture Extends MSN Relationship Pasadena-based Overture Services, the subsidiary of Yahoo Inc. which provides keyword-based search advertising, announced that it has extended its sponsored search distribution relationship with Microsoft.
Henman, Hewitt advance in Paris Masters Defending champion Tim Henman of Britain beat Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan 6-3, 6-4 to reach third round of the Paris Masters in Paris on Tuesday.
Sean OKeefe Departs When Sean OKeefe was named NASA Administrator about three years ago, he had already had experience with fixing troubled organizations.
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Make Column View a Permanent Thing In love with column view? Find out how to make it a permanent thing at the Apple Pro/ site in the latest Mac OS X killer tip. Sep 29
UPDATE 2-Rugby-Australia edge out England in Twickenham thriller Australia showed all their famed resilience to withstand a fierce fightback by England and beat the world champions 21-19 in a thunderous World Cup final repeat on Saturday.
Slippery eel that #39;s feeding on economy The Government Accountability Office (what you and I remember as the General Accounting Office) last week issued a long-awaited report (which was supposed to be out last spring) on the nettlesome issue of offshoring/outsourcing.
Australian PM rejects Annan claims Iraq war 'illegal', criticises UN (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard rejected claims by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan that the Iraq war was  quot;illegal quot;, slamming the United Nations as  quot;paralysed quot;.
Users say IBM PC division sale a reflection of the times IBM's decision to sell its PC division to a China-based company prompted a range of reactions today from technology users, from disappointment to a belief that the move reflects the times and the impact of globalization.
Mallett gives Waugh Indian curry FORMER Test off-spinner Ashley Mallett has claimed Australia #39;s historic series win in India was due to the fact Steve Waugh was no longer captain of the team.
Three in London court appearance on terrorism charges (AFP) AFP - Three men charged under Britain's anti-terrorism laws on suspicion of seeking to obtain radioactive material to make a nuclear device made a brief first appearance Saturday before a London court.
Eli Lilly Acquires Rights to Sleep Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. said on Wednesday it  has acquired exclusive worldwide rights to an insomnia drug  being developed by Germany's Merck KGaA.
Zee looks on as BCCI, Govt fight it out at apex court NEW DELHI, SEPTEMBER 30: Chances of a judicial intervention before the start of the India-Australia cricket series receded today, as the Supreme Court remained engrossed in the legal debate on whether the BCCI should be treated as an authority of
Johansson splits Hewitts Joachim Johansson is threatening to drive a wedge through the Hewitt family after he beat Andy Roddick to reach the semi-finals of the US Open on Thursday.
DreamWorks Animation IPO Prices Above Estimates The initial public offering of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. raised a more than expected \$812 million on Wednesday after the shares of the film producer priced well above expectations.
Els Wins Record Sixth Match Play Title Ernie Els won the World Match Play title for a record sixth time on his 35th birthday, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1 Sunday to capture golf's biggest payday - \$1.8 million.
McTeer appointed new A amp;M chancellor Robert D. McTeer was appointed chancellor of the Texas A amp;M University System by the Texas A amp;M Board of Regents in a special telephone meeting Thursday.
Eriksson recalls Red Devils trio Sven-Goran Eriksson tonight handed Phil Neville an England lifeline as the Manchester United defender joined club team-mates Rio Ferdinand and Wayne Rooney in returning to the England squad.
August Consumer Spending Flat Hit with soaring gasoline prices, consumers shut their wallets in August, keeping overall spending flat after a revised 1.1 percent jump in the previous month.
Rich Gannon out at least six weeks The Oakland Raiders reported Monday that quarterback Rich Gannon will be sidelined at least six weeks with a neck injury. Gannon broke vertebrae in his neck when he collided helmet
Australia to Upgrade Embassy Security (AP) AP - Australia's foreign ministry said Wednesday it will boost security spending at its embassies by  #36;452 million after a terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Saudi Arabia left nine dead earlier this week.
Tax inquiry hits Hilfiger shares Clothing maker Tommy Hilfiger suffered a mauling on Wall Street yesterday after disclosing it was the subject of a federal investigation that analysts said appeared to focus on tax avoidance.
Leeds to sell Elland Road as taekover deal collapses Leeds United, one of the great names in English soccer, said on Friday they were close to selling their Elland Road stadium after ending takeover talks with a British-American consortium.
CA moves to tackle spyware In a move to round out its computer security offerings, Computer Associates International Inc. yesterday said it acquired Pest Patrol Inc., a Carlisle, Pa., company that specializes in software to detect and eradicate malicious spyware.
PayPal.com resumes operations after four-day service disruption OCTOBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four days after its online payment Web site was slowed and only intermittently available to users due to a coding problem, PayPal.
Safeway to Open on Christmas Safeway Inc. yesterday said that for the first time, it will open many of its supermarkets on Christmas Day, a move that triggered an angry protest from the union representing the grocer's Washington area employees.
Grieving Sloan Has Team to Lean On Utah Jazz Coach Jerry Sloan is coping without his wife of 41 years, Bobbye, who died on June 18 at age 61 from pancreatic cancer.
GM Set to Cut About 10,000 Jobs - Source  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - General Motors will cut around 10,000  jobs in Europe in a drive to save some 500 million euros  (\$613.4 million) a year and return its loss-making operations  there to profit, a company source said on Wednesday.
Accused acquitted of Bali bombings The man accused of harbouring two men convicted of involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings has been acquitted by Indonesia #39;s Supreme Court.
Fleming flies in to bolster faultering Kiwi #39;s Sydney - Much-missed New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming arrived on Saturday to be greeted with news of a batting collapse that has his team staring at defeat to New South Wales just days from the first Test against Australia.
US Jobless Claims Up, Consumption Flat (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. claims for jobless benefits\jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat\in August as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out\the previous month, the government said on Thursday.
In Opener, Hoyas Are Shut Down The new coach of the Georgetown men #39;s basketball team was greeted with chants of  quot;JT3! quot; as he stepped onto the MCI Center court before the Hoyas #39; season opener against Temple last night.
All-Star Game canceled The NHL yesterday canceled the 2005 All-Star Game in Atlanta, an aggressive step toward canceling the 2004-05 season. The move was made 49 days into this year #39;s lockout, which is a bit of a surprise.
Souness to Newcastle Souness, 51, replaces Sir Bobby Robson, who was sacked last week after the club suffered four league games without a win. Souness resigned from his current club, Blackburn Rovers, and will take up his post at Newcastle on Monday 13th September.
Bloglines Adds International RSS Feed Reading Bloglines Adds International RSS Feed Reading\\Bloglines, an online service for searching and subscribing to news feeds, blogs and rich web content today unveiled an internationalized web site that allows people who speak Chinese, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish to join and navigate the Bloglines service in their native languages. ...
US troops push deeper into Fallujah Fierce fire fights have erupted in the south of Fallujah as trapped enemy fighters make a last stand against US and Iraqi forces. In areas of Fallujah now under US and Iraqi Army control, US forces are taking
Martin Says Canada Certainly #39; Would Fund New Bombardier Plane Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin pledged to help Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s No. 3 aircraft maker, develop its largest-ever plane should the company go ahead with the \$2 billion project next year.
Gold Fields plans to respond to Harmony offer by Nov. 3 LONDON (CBS.MW) -- South African gold miner Gold Fields (GFI) said it #39;s board met Friday to assess an \$8.1 billion hostile takeover offer from Harmony (HMY) as well as to review measures for its defense.
Rockies #39; Neagle charged with soliciting a prostitute Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was charged Friday with soliciting a prostitute after a woman in his car said he paid her \$40 for oral sex, police said.
Kerry Links Iraq War, U.S. Economic Woes WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry sought to link the Iraq war to U.S. economic woes on Wednesday, calling President Bush's move against Baghdad a ""catastrophic choice"" that so far has drained \$200 billion in needed resources at home...
Recent Polls on the Presidential Race (AP) AP - Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether they were adults, registered voters (RV) or likely voters (LV) and the margin of error (MoE). Results might not total 100 percent because of rounding.
Support system helps the Cardinals The signs of encouragement were everywhere yesterday, on a summer-like afternoon softened by blue skies and sunshine.  quot;Go Cards quot; messages were hung from buildings large and small, including banks and other businesses. The disappointments of the weekend in Boston were fading fast for St. Louis and the Cardinals.
Truth Wizards: They know a lie when they hear it WASHINGTON Can you always tell when somebody #39;s lying? If so, you might be a wizard of the fib. A California psychology professor says there #39;s a tiny subculture of people that can pick out a lie nearly every time they hear one.
Liverpool return not Real option for Owen Reports over the weekend claimed that Liverpool were considering making a move to bring Owen back to Anfield after his summer move to Madrid.
Yahoo to acquire Musicmatch for  #36;160m (MacCentral) MacCentral - Yahoo! Inc. on Tuesday announced plans to acquire online music service Musicmatch Inc. in a cash deal valued at US #36;160 million. It's Yahoo's maneuver to become a player in the online digital music download world, currently dominated by Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store, and populated by a variety of other competitors including Napster, Microsoft's MSN Music, Wal-Mart and others.
Oil Scales New High as Norway Strike Hits Oil scaled a new high above \$55 a barrel Monday as a threat by Norwegian ship owners to halt production from the world #39;s third biggest exporter stoked fears of a winter supply crunch.
December date for Yukos sell-off Russia sets a date and price for the auction of embattled Russian oil giant Yukos' main unit, as it seeks payment of a massive tax bill.
Johnson's 4 TDs boost Utah SALT LAKE CITY -- Marty Johnson tied a school record with four rushing touchdowns and No. 14 Utah held off Air Force, 49-35, yesterday, giving the Utes their best start in 10 years.
17 dead, over 100 injured as powerful earthquakes hit eastern Indonesia (AFP) AFP - A succession of powerful earthquakes rocked eastern Indonesia, killing at least 17 people, injuring more than 100 others and destroying hundreds of homes.
MARGARET IN NEW TAPE PLEA KIDNAPPED aid worker Margaret Hassan was shown on videotape last night pleading for Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq. The tape, broadcast on Arab TV network alJazeera, also showed her demanding the
Burma exiled government denounced over continued detention of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Exiled - National Coalition of Government of the Union of Burma (NCGUB) on 30 November strongly denounced Burmas military junta, State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) for extending the house arrest of democracy leader and Nobel laureate Daw Aung
US, Europe trade officials to discuss Airbus-Boeing dispute US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dispute over subsidies to Airbus and Boeing are expected to be on the agenda as the new commissioner of the European Trade Union, Peter Mandelson, and his counterpart from the United States, Robert Zoeller, started discussions Monday.
Nevsun plunges Shares of Nevsun Resources Ltd. plunged Tuesday as the Vancouver-based mining company searched for reasons behind a government order to stop all work in the African country of Eritrea.
Ex-Troops Fill Haiti's Security Vacuum Nation remains volatile eight months after Aristide's departure.
Anniversary launch for 'nanosats' \Fifty mini-satellites are to be sent into space in 2007 to celebrate the launch of the first ever satellite Sputnik 1.
Southern Miss Looks to Extend Win Streak (AP) AP - Southern Mississippi hasn't lost a Conference USA game in nearly two years, but some Golden Eagles players aren't all that impressed.
O #39;Neill  #39;envious #39; of Europe #39;s top clubs Martin O #39;Neill last night confronted the disappointment of seeing his Celtic side being ejected from European football before Christmas, but batted away questions about being in charge of a cash-strapped team following the 0-0 draw with AC Milan.
Olympics: Inspectors Announce Program for 2012 Bid Visits Olympic inspectors will visit Madrid first in their whistle-stop tour next year of bid cities hoping to stage the 2012 Games. The Spanish capital will be followed by London, New York, Paris
Fidelity still fighting independent chair rule Fidelity Investments hasn #39;t given up its opposition to a rule that requires the boards of mutual funds to have an independent chair, and the senior US senator from New Hampshire is backing that effort.
Shawn Fanning Returns With New Music Service Not quite as strong (or as controversial) as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Shawn Fanning is back -- in the music downloading game, according to MTV News.
DiMarco has sneer down pat Minutes after he finished his third round at the 84 Lumber Classic yesterday, DiMarco found fault with the threesomes that were used, the slow pace of play, life
Germany approves state flat sale Germany's health ministry approves the sale of 80,000 state-owned apartments as Europe's largest economy tries to finance rising pension costs.
Sudan translator  #39;seized in Iraq #39; Arab television has shown a video tape of a Sudanese interpreter in Iraq who said he had been kidnapped and called on his US employer to leave Iraq.
Federation Requests Hamm Give Up Gold The letter from the International Gymnastics Federation arrived hand-delivered on Thursday night, more than a week after Paul Hamm won the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event
No raindrops on Arroyo The steady rain was getting to Bronson Arroyo, and not because it presented the clear and present danger of frizzing his cornrows.  quot;It's pretty slick out there, quot; he reported, 2 hours 10 minutes before the scheduled start of Game 3 last night.  quot;It's very difficult to get your footing. I don't like it. It will be tough ...
Florida authorities searching 58,000 missing ballots (AFP) AFP - Authorities in Florida were looking for 58,000 absentee ballots whose disappearance stirred renewed controversy in the state that held up the 2000 presidential election for five weeks.
Cytec pays \$1.85bn for UCB unit Cytec Industries Inc. is buying the chemicals division of Belgian drugs company UCB in a 1.5 billion euro (\$1.85 billion) cash and stock deal, the US specialty chemical firm said on Friday.
Trend Micro Gives Away Mobile Security Trend Micro on Monday followed in the footsteps of rivals like Symantec by introducing anti-virus and anti-spam software for handhelds and smart cell phones.
Protest rocks Aboriginal island Protesters on an Aboriginal island in Australia storm the local police station after the death of a man in custody.
Werder could be next on Bayern warpath Bremen, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich finished in an unfamiliar position last season: second place. Werder Bremen knocked the defending champions off its pedestal during the 2003/04 campaign.
French FM appeals for release of hostages in Iraq (AFP) AFP - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier made an impassioned plea to try to save the lives of two French journalists held hostage in Iraq as an ultimatum issued by their kidnappers neared expiry.
Sudan dismisses UN Security Council ultimatum on Darfur ABUJA : Sudan will ignore a UN Security Council deadline to end militia attacks in Darfur by the end of the month and instead resolve the crisis through African Union peace talks, Khartoum #39;s chief negotiator said.
Ex-Kosovo rebels face first war crimes trial The first international war crimes trial of Kosovo Albanians began yesterday, with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected
Board: Recording insufficient to reopen probe into prince #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; READING, England A teacher says Britain #39;s Prince Harry admitted cheating on an art exam, and she #39;s got a tape recording that proves it.
Youth admits to creating computer virus German prosecutors say a teenager has confessed to creating the virulent Sasser computer virus. Authorities say Sven Jaschan is believed also to be responsible for the Netsky virus.
SI.com MIAMI (Ticker) -- There #39;s no need for AJ Burnett to cash in his frequent flyer miles. Burnett allowed two hits in 6 1/3 innings and Miguel Cabrera and Alex Gonzalez homered as the Florida Marlins extended
Burger king is hard act to swallow A TEENAGER has set a wacky new world record ... by stuffing more than three McDonald #39;s burgers into his mouth without swallowing.
Consensus eludes in Fund-Bank meet The annual meeting of World Bank and IMF failed to arrive at a consensus in giving more powers to developing countries in decision-making besides increasing aid flow for reducing poverty.
Palestinian Official Denies Arafat Lost Consciousness  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - An official from the  Palestine Liberation Organization told Reuters on Wednesday  that Yasser Arafat had not lost consciousness, denying media  reports.
NFL Game Summary - Miami At Cincinnati Cincinnati, OH -- Shayne Graham booted a 39-yard field goal with two seconds left, leading the Cincinnati Bengals to a 16-13 victory over the Miami Dolphins.
Woodward leads Mahar Scott Woodward may be the best quarterback you've never heard of. The senior signal-caller for Mahar Regional has put up huge numbers over the past two years, but none were more impressive or important than the ones he had yesterday.
Lycos Offers Revenge for the Spammed Lycos #39;  quot;Make Love, Not Spam quot; screensaver targets sites on secure international blacklists.  quot;We cannot use this software to bring the spammers #39; sites down entirely, as that would be illegal, quot; says Malte Pollman of Lycos Europe.
Bush Health Savings Accounts Slow to Gain Acceptance So far employers and their workers have been slow to accept health savings accounts as an alternative to conventional health insurance.
Digital Subscribers Help Cablevision Cut Loss Cablevision Systems said yesterday that its loss in the third quarter was 41 percent smaller than in the period last year as demand for its digital television, high-speed Internet and phone services offset higher operating costs.
Jackpot at 30,000 Feet? Ryanair, Europe's largest low-cost airline, might introduce in-flight gaming.
EU: Coke EU anti-trust case settlement closer Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company has announced developments in the long-running EU investigation into anti-competitive practices.
Report: Notre Dame Contacts Meyer Utah Head Coach Urban Meyer hollers to his team during the first half of a game against Utah State in this Sept. 18, 2004 file photo in Logan, Utah.
Shatner Wants to Boldly Go on Space Flight Actor William Shatner is shown in this undated publicity photo. (AP Photo/www.williamshatner.com). LONDON Oct 22, 2004 -  quot;Star Trek quot; star William Shatner and Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Dave Navarro are
Life-changing video format gets last rites It changed the lifestyles of a generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
Phishing Web sites grew by 33 percent in November BOSTON - The number of phishing Web sites associated with online identity theft scams grew by 33 percent in November, after dropping off in September and early October, according to data compiled by the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG) and shared with IDG News Service.
Giants Shake Favre Giants tailback Tiki Barber rushes for 182 yards and Packer quarterback Brett Favre suffers a concussion in Green Bay's 14-7 defeat by New York.
Portis Will Be Busy Running back Clinton Portis should get the ball often against the Giants as the Redskins plan to rotate Ladell Betts in less often.
The Rundown Recall this little score from last season: Sooners 77, Aggies 0. Think folks in College Station remember that? This could have been the most important game in the Big 12 #39;s season, but Texas A amp;M slipped up
DaimlerChrysler Operating Profit Rises  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler's &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DCXGn.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DCXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below  analyst expectations, as gains at U.S. arm Chrysler helped  offset weaker earnings at premium carmaker Mercedes.
Bangladesh calls in Interpol over bombing of political rally (AFP) AFP - Bangladesh has called in Interpol to assist investigations into the August 21 grenade attack on an opposition rally which killed 20 people, a senior police officer said.
Central America Said on Alert for Attack (AP) AP - All of Central America is on alert for a possible al-Qaida attack against El Salvador for its support of the U.S.-led mission in Iraq, the head of the Nicaraguan army said Friday.
Stocks End Higher, Dow Back Above 10,000 NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks ended higher on Wednesday, as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought beaten-down shares, pushing blue chips to close above 10,000 for the first time in 3 weeks.
Ed Hardin #39;s column:  #39;Al #39;s boy #39; comes of age and makes Dad proud GREENSBORO -- Who knows what was going though Al Geiberger #39;s head Sunday evening. He was a thousand miles away watching on television as his son, Brent, won the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
Krispy Kreme Profit Dives, Stock Hammered  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.&lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled  that business may not recover anytime soon, sending its shares  down more than 17 percent in pre-market trading.
Ammunition stolen from British Army in Kenyan training ranges (AFP) AFP - Several rounds of ammunition and grenades were stolen last week from British troops holding training exercises in Kenya's Rift Valley, the British High Commission in Nairobi said.
Siebel beats Wall Street targets This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Border Patrol expands fingerprint searches Border Patrol agents and other federal law enforcement officers can now simultaneously search through two federal fingerprint databases to see if aliens crossing illegally into the United States are wanted by authorities.
Jobless claims rise to three-week high The US Labor Department said Thursday the number of workers filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits hit a three-week high last week.
Hutchison Telecom IPO to raise up to \$US1.13bn Hutchison Telecommunications International, the mainly emerging market telecom assets owned by conglomerate Hutchison Whampoa, had set a price range that could see its initial public offering raise up to \$US1.
Parliament Votes Against Sharon Statement (AP) AP - The Israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, voting against a statement defending his Gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks.
Russia glad if Ukraine joins EU: Putin Russia  quot;would only be too glad quot; if Ukraine joined the European Union (EU), Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Friday, the Interfax reported.
Nebraska Player Charged With Assualt (AP) AP - A Nebraska football player is charged with aggravated assault and battery for injuring a member of a University of Oklahoma spirit group before a game last week.
Miller Wins Downhill for Fourth Win in Five Races  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - American Bode Miller won  a men's World Cup Alpine skiing downhill Friday to celebrate a  phenomenal fourth win in five races.
Putin: Insurgents hoping to swing US election DUSHANBE, Tajikistan - Russian President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that insurgent attacks in Iraq were aimed at blocking President George W. Bush #39;s re-election, a statement seen as an indication Putin favors Bush in the upcoming vote.
Cisco buys IT management start-up Cisco Systems signed an agreement on Wednesday to acquire network management start-up Jahi Networks for \$16 million. Jahi, a San Jose, Calif.
Citing Threats, Entrepreneur Wants to Quit Caller ID Venture t may be known as caller ID spoofing, but it is evidently no laughing matter. Three days after the start-up company Star38 began offering a service that fools caller ID systems, the founder, Jason Jepson, has decided to sell the business.
American Medical Security  quot;outperform, quot; target price raised NEW YORK, September 16 (New Ratings) - Analysts at Robert W Baird reiterate their  quot;outperform quot; rating on American Medical Security Group (AMZ.
Golf: Jimenez Takes Early Lead in European Masters  CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland (Reuters) - Miguel Angel  Jimenez continued his rich vein of form by taking the early  lead in the opening round of the European Masters on Thursday.
Iraqis killed, oil fields struck in latest attacks BAGHDAD, IRAQ - Iraqi insurgents destroyed a northern oil export pipeline Tuesday, dealing a severe blow to the nation #39;s crippled economy, and Iraqi officials said two car bombs and gunbattles across the country left at least 12 Iraqis dead.
Home-course advantage? Not US has rank, Europeans have track &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Township, Mich. -- For all of Hal Sutton #39;s Bear Bryant-meets-George S. Patton act -- all into-the-breach and damn-the-torpedoes -- and for all of Europe #39;s woe-is-me act -- all faux kneeling at the superpower #39;s
Tons of explosives missing at Iraq site The United Nations nuclear agency warned yesterday that nearly 400 tons of missing explosives could be in the hands of insurgents who have been targeting US-led forces in Iraq for months.
For schools, Apple offers special iMac G5, eMac (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple has a habit of quietly releasing special Macintosh models for schools and colleges. There were, for example, the Power Mac 5000 line and the G3 All-in-One Mac for education (both of which resembled early and somewhat pedestrian precursors to the original iMac).
Rumsfeld Briefs Russia on Shift of Forces WASHINGTON - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld briefed his Russian counterpart over the weekend on U.S. plans to shift its forces stationed around the globe, in some cases potentially bringing them closer to Russia's borders...
Cubs, Marlins Split The Cubs briefly lead the NL wild-card standings after winning the first game of a doubleheader with the Marlins, but lose the sceond.
Intel Rally May Be Premature NEW YORK - Intel certainly surprised many semiconductor industry watchers today with its improving sales forecasts for the current quarter, but not everyone is convinced that all is as rosy as it seems at the world #39;s biggest chipmaker.
Wal-Mart sales at low end of forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Saturday sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3 percent in September, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies.
Prince of Persia 2 on shelves Young royal returns to adventure in Ubisoft #39;s Warrior Within; darker storyline and new fighting system highlight the multi-console title.
PRSO RUNS INTO A SPOT OF BOTHER then vowed he is off the penalty rota for Saturday #39;s game with Celtic. The Croatian striker fired the only goal at Easter
McDonnell still spoiling for a fight IN CASE anyone had forgotten, Jim McDonnell, Danny Williamss trainer, stood up at the last pre-bout press conference here on Wednesday and repeated his
New Coalition Offensive Leads to Arrest of Dozens of Insurgents in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; American, British and Iraqi troops are continuing their effort to root out insurgents south of Baghdad, in an operation aimed at clearing the way for elections to be held in January.
Man accused of infecting computers with  quot;spyware quot; says he #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A man accused of infecting computers with intrusive  quot;spyware quot; and then trying to sell people the solution has denied any wrongdoing.
Season lidlifter renews heated conference rivalry Season openers like tonights dont get much more exciting than this. The NFL schedule-makers knew what they were doing when they sent
Pull-Outs Threaten Polish-Led Force in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - A Polish-led multinational division in\charge of security in south-central Iraq faces disintegration\if more countries pull their troops out, Polish officials said\on Wednesday.
Attackers Strike U.S. Consulate in Jiddah (AP) AP - Islamic militants threw explosives at the gate of the heavily guarded U.S. consulate in Jiddah, then forced their way into the building, prompting a gunbattle in a bold assault that left seven people dead and several injured before the three-hour long crisis was brought under control.
16 Killed in Algerian Rebel Raid MEDEA, Algeria, 24 October 2004 - Suspected Algerian militants killed 16 people in the first attack on civilians since the start of the holy month of Ramadan , officials said yesterday.
US 30-, 15-year mortgage rates rise in latest week Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages edged higher this week amid signs the economy is improving, stoking inflation concerns, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Prince  #39;out of touch #39; with education, says Clarke A government minister today dismissed the Prince of Wales as  quot;old-fashioned and out of time quot; with  quot;patronising quot; views on the education system.
Baghdad car bomb kills seven accused of sheltering fighters led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Washington #39;s main foe in Iraq. which involved US air strikes on targets in the city.
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Thursday, Nov. 18, 2004, at least 1,216 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 945 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
RUGBY UNION: NEVER AGAIN ENGLAND coach Phil Larder has threatened Australia with  #39;payback #39; when the world champions meet their favourite enemy at Twickenham on Saturday.
Doctors involved in abuse at Abu Ghraib, report  LONDON -- Doctors working for the US military in Iraq collaborated with interrogators in the abuse of detainees at Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison, profoundly breaching medical ethics and human rights, a bioethicist charges in The Lancet medical journal.
Satellite failure hits U.S. broadband services The failure of the Intelsat Americas-7 communications satellite yesterday knocked out broadband services supplied by StarBand Communications Inc.
NBA Today (AP) AP - Seattle at Toronto (7 p.m. EST). The SuperSonics, winners of eight straight, face Vince Carter and the Raptors.
Iran rejects IAEA call,threatens to block checks TEHRAN - A defiant Iran yesterday rejected a resolution by the UN atomic watchdog calling for a halt to sensitive nuclear work and threatened to block tough inspections if the issue was referred to the Security Council.
Fed raises key overnight lending rate by 25bps to 1.75 NEW YORK, September 21 (newratings.com) - The US Federal Reserve raised the interest rates by a quarter percentage point today, in-line with the broad expectations.
Marsh Stock Jumps on Talk of CEO Change Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. shares were whipsawed on Friday amid conflicting reports that a change in the insurance broker #39;s top management was imminent.
Bank of Canada Raises Overnight Rate  OTTAWA (Reuters) - The Bank of Canada raised its overnight  interest rate a quarter percentage point on Tuesday to 2.50  percent as expected, and made clear it would keep raising rates  even as it lowered its forecast for Canadian growth.
Bali bombing victims remembered Mourners in Indonesia and Australia commemorate those who died in the Bali bombings two years ago.
Childhood learning may determine linguistic rules The way children learn may determine the building blocks of language, suggests a study of deaf Nicaraguan children. Ann Senghas of New York #39;s Columbia University, US, and colleagues studied three generations
Vodafone rings in changes with launch of 3G handsets VODAFONE yesterday began its major push into the market for third-generation mobile phones with plans to launch 10 handsets before Christmas.
HP creating software to limit virus damage SAN FRANCISCO Engineers at Hewlett-Packard are working on what they call virus-throttling software that could slow the spread of viruses and worms, possibly limiting the destruction that hackers inflict on millions of computers each year.
Two golds make Phelps #39; day Michael Phelps showed no signs of either yesterday, swimming to two gold medals in the span of an hour at the Athens Olympic Games.
Israeli Rockets Kill Two in Gaza Strip Camp Israeli rockets killed two gunmen in the Gaza Strip #39;s biggest refugee camp Sunday, taking the death toll to 49 on the fourth day of a massive offensive to stop rocket firing into Israel, witnesses said.
Ecuador stun Brazil; Argentina up Reuters Rio de Janeiro Nov 18: World champions Brazil crashed to a shock 1-0 defeat in Ecuador yesterday while home wins for Peru, Colombia and Uruguay kept the South American World Cup qualifying group wide open.
Monday Morning The regular Monday Morning contributors will return to this page next week, as will the weekly poll.
Taliban target Cheney visit to Karzai ceremony The Taliban has said that it is aiming to disrupt the inaugaration ceremony of Afghanistan #39;s new president, Hamid Karzai, which will be attended by Dick Cheney, the American vice-president, Donald Rumsfeld, the defence secretary.
Should PeopleSoft Wave the White Flag? The stakes are so high in Oracle #39;s interminable campaign to buy out PeopleSoft that both companies could end up bleeding themselves to exhaustion in this war of attrition.
Coke quarterly profit falls 24 Coca-Cola #39;s worldwide sales volume barely budged in the third quarter, while profits tumbled 24 percent. With those results, new Chairman and Chief Executive E. Neville Isdell was left to reiterate what he #39;s
Cardinals Secure World Series Showdown with Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Scott Rolen hit a two-run tie-breaking  homer off Roger Clemens in the sixth inning to give St Louis a  5-2 victory over the Houston Astros at Busch Stadium Thursday,  putting the Cardinals in the World Series.
Football scores uptake bodes well for Three (FT.com) FT.com - Three, the new entrant mobile operator pioneering 3G services in the UK, is experiencing strong uptake of its football news and video clips service in an encouraging sign of likely consumer demand for data services on mobile phones.
Doctors Visit Arafat As His Health Worsens Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat attends a PLO executive committee meeting at his office in the West Bank town of Ramallah, in this Sunday, Aug. 8, 2004 file photo.
Bay, Greene battle for NL rookie honors When the National League Rookie of the Year is revealed Monday, fans will get a glimpse into whether or not the writers favored numbers or intangibles.
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Franklin likely to settle brokerage charges &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Franklin likely to settle brokerage charges soon quot; please read in 9th paragraph ... In September, an adviser for Newport Beach, California-based Pacific Investment
Smart phone predicts owner #39;s behaviour US boffins are developing mobile phones which learn user #39;s daily habits so that they can become  quot;mobile digital secretaries quot;.
UK #39;s Dixons kills VCR FIRST video killed the radio star. Now it looks like the video recorder #39;s days could be numbered too, after Britain #39;s biggest electrical retailer announced an end to sales of the household gadget.
Steady as they go BEDFORD -- Scientists at NitroMed Inc. hope their experimental drugs will cure heart disease someday. But lately their focus has been on more mundane matters.
Pope Denounces 'Imbalance' of Wealth CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy - Pope John Paul II denounced the ""imbalance"" between the world's rich and poor Sunday and applauded efforts to eliminate hunger, like the recent U.N. initiative to increase funds for development...
Fable falls short of legend Role-playing-game Fable fails to live up to hype that it would re-define the video game genre.
Ky. Students Brace to Dissect Deer Hearts (AP) AP - Gene Snyder's eighth-grade science students are supplying their own specimens for a dissection project in the spring.
Gators pour it on in opener GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw for 244 yards and three touchdowns in the rain yesterday, leading No. 11 Florida to a 49-10 rout of Eastern Michigan in the Gators' delayed season opener. Ciatrick Fason rushed for 105 yards and two TDs, while DeShawn Wynn, O.J. Small, Dallas Baker, Billy Latsko, and Skyler Thornton all scored once for Florida. The ...
Coulthard tests for Red Bull David Coulthard #39;s Formula One prospects have received a boost with news of a test with the Red Bull team at Jerez in Spain. Coulthard, who has no confirmed seat for 2005 after
Oil tumbles below \$44 Oil prices sank more than 2 percent and fell below \$44 a barrel Wednesday, extending their recent slide after a government report showed domestic gasoline supplies had not fallen last week, as Wall Street had expected last week.
Web Retailers Facing Pre-Holiday Changes (Reuters) Reuters - It's a great time to be an\Internet shopper, but the same search technology that is\transforming the Web into a bargain-hunter's paradise is\putting the squeeze on online retailers doling out discounts\and incentives to lure customers.
US Prosecutors Probe Circulation at NY Tabloids US prosecutors in New York have subpoenaed two New York City tabloids, the Daily News and New York Post, in a probe of how the rivals report circulation figures to potential advertisers.
Norwegian government to impose mediation in oil-sector dispute The Norwegian government announced it would impose mediation to end an oil-sector dispute that threatened crude production next month, pushing shipowners to drop a threatened lock-out.
Iraqi Sunni Clerics Urge Election Boycott for Fallujah Siege Sunni Muslim clerics in Iraq have called for a boycott of the country #39;s nationwide elections in January. The chief of the Association of Muslim Scholars, Harith al-Dhari, said Tuesday the boycott
Kerry Unfit to Lead Amid 'Great Threats', Bush Says (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush labeled Sen. John\Kerry on Saturday a political opportunist who is unfit to lead\amid ""great threats"" to America.
Rebates Fuel Sales, Frazzle Buyers For retailers and manufacturers, rebates are a quick and easy way to adjust prices in a cost-conscious market.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Swede wins date with other Hewitt LLEYTON HEWITT was supposed to be playing defending champion Andy Roddick in the US Open semi-finals at Flushing Meadows, not the longtime boyfriend of his little sister.
Microsoft  amp; Sun Get All Luvvy Dubby Microsoft and Sun held a conference call yesterday to update the industry on where they are at in terms of their agreement to work together and interoperate more.
Suspicion Swirls Around Bonds The lawyer for Barry Bonds confirmed Friday that the San Francisco Giants left fielder used a clear substance and a cream given to him by his personal weight trainer
Telkom Welcomes Black Consortium As Strategic Shareholder JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--Telkom SA Ltd (TKG) said in a statement Tuesday it welcomes the sale of a 15.1 stake in the company to a black consortium.
quot;Night of Heavyweights quot; Features Boxing Champions Past and Present World Boxing Association heavyweight champion John Ruiz of Puerto Rico and International Boxing Federation champion Chris Byrd of the United States defend their titles Saturday night in New York City.
Ian Thorpe wins bronze in 100 metres freestyle TONY EASTLEY: Ian Thorpe now has the full set of Olympic medals, winning bronze after coming surprisingly close in trying to win the Games treble  that is the 100, 200 and 400 metres freestyle events. In winning bronze in the 100 metres final, Thorpe ...
A Sense of Security An Independent News writer tells of his switch from Windows to a 15-inch PowerBook,:  #147;Two months in, I have a prevailing sense of security and safety. There #146;s been not a sniff of system meltdown. The software and security updates are easy, convenient and (via broadband) fast. The sense of considerable computing power and massive processing going on is very evident, but it feels secure behind the OS X firewall and a router; and all with no need for antivirus software. #148; Aug 20
Nepal closes for business as Maoist blockades cut off capital Threats from Maoist rebels in Nepal brought business in the Himalayan kingdom to a halt yesterday, as traffic blockades kept supplies from the capital, Kathmandu. There is only about 10 weeks #39; worth of food in the city, and many travellers ...
UK Broadband Pricing Adjustment: Competition or Crisis? With reports of more than a quarter increase in the price to provide broadband services, the smaller ISPs reportedly claim that the Ofcom moves will create a noncompetitive market, benefiting
Raich Wins Men's World Cup Slalom  BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - Benjamin Raich of  Austria won a men's Alpine ski World Cup slalom race Sunday  with a time of one minute 51.06 seconds, according to  provisional results.
MySQL to make use of Microsoft code This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Gold Fields loses again Gold Fields #39; latest legal bid to prevent a hostile takeover by South African rival Harmony was thrown out by regulators yesterday in another blow to its defence strategy.
Hammer Champion Facing Ioc Hearing Hammer gold medallist Adrian Annus will return to Athens to testify before an International Olympic Committee disciplinary hearing tomorrow, according to a Hungarian official.
Halliburton Suffers Loss on Asbestos Claims Halliburton reported a loss in the third quarter, hurt by charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.
SANS Unveils 2004 #39;s Top 20 Internet Vulnerabilities The security research group The SANS Institute on Friday released its annual Top 20 list of the most critical Internet-related vulnerabilities to give organizations a way to prioritize their defensive efforts.
Microsoft Renews Push for Living Room PC  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is making a  renewed push this week to get its software into living rooms  with the launch of a new version of its Windows XP Media  Center, a personal computer designed for viewing movies,  listening to music and scrolling through digital pictures.
Japan Says Latest Infected Cow Won #39;t Affect BSE-Testing Review A new case of mad cow disease in Japan won #39;t affect a review of domestic cattle-testing procedures, said Chikara Sakaguchi, the nation #39;s health minister.
Don't Knock the Birdbrains Scientists flock to songbird research, hoping finches and canaries will provide insight into the mysteries of human speech, memory and neuron production. Randy Dotinga reports from the Society for Neuroscience convention in San Diego.
Five Killed as Typhoon Tears Across Southern Japan Typhoon Chaba tore across southwestern Japan Monday, killing at least five people and knocking out electricity for thousands as it swirled its way north, dumping heavy rain and whipping up huge seas.
VeriSign tallies \$40.3M net income in Q3 Internet infrastructure vendor VeriSign Inc. today reported net income of \$40.3 million for the third quarter of 2004, a reversal of the \$31.3 million loss it posted in the same quarter one year earlier.
Microsoft releases Office source code to governments Redmond software company Microsoft Corp. said it will add the source code of its Office 2003 flagship software suite to its program for sharing the details of its products with government entities.
Turf Toe Injury Sidelines Titans' Brown (AP) AP - Tennessee running back Chris Brown will not play Sunday against the Oakland Raiders because of a turf toe injury.
Renowned European Laboratory Turns 50 (AP) AP - A European laboratory that was the birthplace of the World Wide Web and home of Nobel prize-winning developments in the quest to understand the makeup of matter wished itself a happy 50th birthday Tuesday.
SCO Web site hack mocks company's legal claims Hackers compromised The SCO Group's Web page today and yesterday and posted messages apparently mocking the company's claims that it owns parts of the Linux operating system.
UN chief rejects calls for resignation over alleged corruption &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan rejected on Tuesday calls by some US congressmen for his resignation over an alleged corruption scandal surrounding the UN-run Iraqi oil-for-food program.
Verizon helps NextWave out of cell phone business In the deal announced Friday Verizon Wireless is buying the remaining cellular capacity from NextWave Telecom for \$3 billion in cash.
Carl Reiner: Comedy as a Life #39;s Work Description: Actor Carl Reiner found his life #39;s calling in the third grade, making his classmates laugh by walking on his hands. The actor, comedian and director joins NPR #39;s Neal Conan and takes calls.
Indian selectors pick two rookie fast bowlers for Bangladesh tour Indian selectors have picked two rookie pace bowlers in the squad for the two-Test series in Bangladesh. Gagandeep Singh of the northern state of Punjab and Shib Shankar Paul from the
Palestinian Police Search for CNN Producer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Palestinian police were searching Tuesday for an Israeli Arab producer for the TV network CNN kidnapped at gunpoint on a busy Gaza City street, and the network joined journalists' associations in demanding his immediate release.    In the West Bank, troops shot dead a Palestinian in the Jenin refugee camp overnight, local hospital staff said...
Slobodan Milosevic's Trial Resumes (AP) AP - The defense of Slobodan Milosevic resumed Tuesday, even as an appeals panel of the U.N. war crimes tribunal considered the former Yugoslav president's request to fire his court-appointed lawyer and let him represent himself again.
Bonds collects 12th Silver Slugger award Louisville, KY (Sports Network) - San Francisco leftfielder Barry Bonds won his record setting 12th Silver Slugger award on Tuesday.
Wachovia's 3Q Profits Increase 14 Percent Wachovia Corp. said Friday that third-quarter earnings rose 14 percent to \$1.26 billion, or 96 cents a share, on gains in its wealth management and investment banking businesses.
British consumer group: iTunes UK overpriced British consumer group Consumers #39; Association has raised its voice over the iTunes #39; pricing in the United Kingdom. Most notably, its anger is aimed towards the different pricing model Apple uses for its online music store in European countries.
Wengers Arsenal Mission Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has dismissed all talk of moving to Real Madrid and says he expects to sign a new deal with the Gunners soon.
Fall in football hooligan arrests Arrests at football games are down by 10 as more fans are subjected to banning orders, the Home Office says.
Salton's Quarterly Loss Widens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Salton Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SFP.N&lt;/A&gt;, a maker of  household appliances, on Wednesday reported wider quarterly  losses as hefty restructuring charges more than offset higher  revenue.
Hurricanes and Hokies to battle for the ACC title Greg Olsen and Jon Beason weren #39;t in Blacksburg last year when Virginia Tech routed then-No. 2 Miami, but they both felt the disappointment of the bitter loss.
Questions to ask about low-priced PCs Poverty can be quite educational. When you've got only so much money to spend, you'll think carefully about the goods you're buying.
Indonesian Ex-General Sworn in as President (Reuters) Reuters - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono\was sworn in as Indonesia's sixth president on Wednesday after\sweeping to power by vowing faster job growth, a war on\corruption and tough punishment for terrorists. A\solemn-looking Yudhoyono took the oath of office inside a\cavernous hall at parliament in front of the very legislators\many expect will challenge the big popular mandate he won in\Indonesia's first direct presidential election last month.
UPS #39; 3Q Profit Climbs 20 Percent on Sales Transportation services giant United Parcel Service Inc. said Thursday that third-quarter earnings rose 20 percent year-over-year, on a nearly 8 percent rise in worldwide sales.
NBA Suspends Artest for Remainder of Season  NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The NBA showed no mercy on  Sunday, suspending Indiana's Ron Artest for the remainder of  the season for his part in a brawl between the Pacers and the  Detroit Pistons on Friday night.
Rugby / Australia edges out England in thriller Australia showed all its famed resilience to withstand a fierce fightback by England and beat the world champion 21-19 in a thunderous World Cup final repeat yesterday.
Beckett says no more nuclear power needed yet The government says it has no need to increase its nuclear power capacity for at least 10 or 15 years but future expansion of nuclear power cannot be ruled out altogether.
United States should rethink its role in the Middle East What a sad story. When innocent children become targets - Palestinian and Israeli children who don #39;t have bombs strapped to them, who are sitting inside homes or on buses - and we accept this without protest
Dim Reality at Sharper Image Shares of Sharper Image (SHRP:Nasdaq - news - research) were under pressure Friday after the company unexpectedly predicted it will lose money in its third quarter and was downgraded by JP Morgan.
Halliburton Focuses on Brazil Project Halliburton Co. has finalized an agreement to resolve outstanding issues with a troublesome project off the coast of Brazil, the company announced Wednesday.
Baseball fans relieved after strike cancelled Baseball fans let out a cheer when players cancelled their strike over the planned merger of the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes and Orix BlueWave.
Schumacher crashes in practice CBC SPORTS ONLINE - World champion Michael Schumacher was involved in a high-speed crash in practice at the Brazilian Grand Prix. The seven-time world champion, who finished practice in second behind teammate
Country Music-Suicide Link Tops IgNobel Awards (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers who found a link between\country music and suicide, and a man who patented his combover\hairstyle won IgNobel Awards for true but funny experiments on\Thursday.
SLT internet services fully restored Sri Lanka Telecom (SLT) has restored fully the internet services pertaining to its dial up internet, dedicated to internet, ADSL and e-mail services, a news release from Sri Lanka Telecom said.
EU threatens new Burma sanctions The European Union is set to impose new sanctions against Burma, according to the EU #39;s Dutch presidency. The EU warned last month that it would take action against Burma unless human rights improved before
Ad spending predicted to rise Fueled by optimism for a growing US economy, two advertising forecasters yesterday predicted notable gains for the industry next year, despite the absence of the presidential
Oracle user group to welcome PeopleSoft users OAUG (Oracle Applications Users Group) president Patricia Dues said today that the organization is in the midst of plans to support PeopleSoft users and the PeopleSoft user group.
Nation #39;s first hydrogen fuel pump opens The dilemma: Auto manufacturers have been reluctant to build fleets of hydrogen-powered vehicles before the existence of public hydrogen stations in the United States, while fuel
Truth  amp; Rumors: Oct. 11, 2004 Baltimore #39;s Deion Sanders, recovered from his hamstring injury, made his first interception in four years in last night #39;s 17-10 win over Washington.
IDC: Handheld sales continue downward journey The global market for handheld devices continued to dwindle. The industry has recorded a year-over-year fall for the third successive quarter, according to data released by IDC this week.
Microsoft Issues Flurry of Fixes on Busy Patch Day Microsoft released a  quot;cumulative security update quot; for Internet Explorer (MS04-38) that plugs eight holes in the popular browser, as well as six other unique patches for vulnerabilities that the company rated as critical.
Nasa help for stem cell study UK tissue engineering experts are teaming up with NASA to find treatments for diseases back on Earth.
UPDATE 3-Bush team rejects call for China currency probe The Bush administration on Thursday rejected a call from labor, textile and steel groups for an investigation into the value of China #39;s currency that could lead
Getting Into Google Book Search - Google Print Google Print, Google Print, Argh Argh Argh! Since I got back from Web Search University I have been buried in sites and resources to review.
Is IVAX Ailing? Despite showing strong growth, IVAX (AMEX: IVX) shares are getting pounded after the drug maker posted third-quarter results that still came in below analyst expectations and
Players attack Bettman NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has come in for fierce criticism following a meeting of locked-out players. The NHL Players Assocation leaders briefed 74 players on Tuesday about the team owners #39; lockout which
Racketeering case against tobacco industry to begin WASHINGTON -- It has taken five years of pretrial skirmishing, but testimony will finally begin tomorrow in the government's massive racketeering case alleging that the tobacco industry defrauded and misled the American public for almost 50 years about the health risks of cigarette smoking.
Get smart, baseball; start stricter testing Major League Baseball players finally came to their senses this week, telling their lawyers to reach an agreement on tougher testing for steroids.
Apple, Dell Hit By LCD Patent Suit Dell Computer (Quote, Chart), Nokia (Quote, Chart) and Apple Computer (Quote, Chart) are among 34 companies manufacturing giant Honeywell (Quote, Chart) has filed suit against, charging they infringed its patent on liquid crystal display technology (LCD).
Wash. Locals Keep Eye on Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Glenn Johnson remembers running outside with canisters to catch some of the volcanic ash that began falling on Pullman after Mount St. Helens erupted in 1980. He wanted a souvenir.
Oracle extends PeopleSoft takeover bid Oracle Corp. has extended its \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid for Pleasanton #39;s PeopleSoft Inc. until Sept. 10. Redwood City-based Oracle #39;s previous offer would have expired at 9 pm Friday.
US intelligence reform 'too fast' Former top US officials warn against election year rush to reform US intelligence agencies.
Super sidekick High-flying Dwyane Wade might be a back-seat driver this season, but he is at ease playing in Shaquille O #39;Neal #39;s big shadow.
OPEC Projects Big Winter Oil Stockbuild  LONDON (Reuters) - The OPEC cartel on Thursday revised down  its expectations of oil demand growth for next year and  projected a rare big winter stockbuild if the group keeps  producing at current levels.
Poutianen Wins Aspen GS ASPEN - Finn Tanja Poutianen won the second giant slalom of the season Friday, holding off defending World Cup champ Anja Paerson of Sweden by 0.09 seconds.
Motorola, DoCoMo to make 3G phones for businesses Motorola and NTT DoCoMo, Japan #39;s top mobile phone operator, plan to jointly develop third-generation handsets, giving Motorola a way into a market largely out of reach for foreign manufacturers.
Mayan Indians End Guatemalan Dam Seizure  PUEBLO VIEJO, Guatemala (Reuters) - Mayan Indians ended a  siege of Guatemala's largest dam on Wednesday after the  government agreed to consider demands they be compensated for  land and lives lost in massacres when it was built.
FTC Goes After Spyware Operations (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Federal Trade Committee has filed a complaint in federal court asking that two Internet advertising and software firms be shut down. The FTC made the filing last Thursday and will hold a press conference on the matter tomorrow.
Southampton Football Club deny Hoddle link Glenn Hoddle will not be returning to Southampton Football Club, according to chairman Rupert Lowe. It had been suggested that the former England coach was set to make a controversial return to the Saints
Daly is added to the long list There's never been a question they can hit it far, but John Daly and Hank Kuehne are doing their best to prove there's more substance to their golf. Playing in different parts of the world this weekend, Daly (tied for sixth at the BMW Open in Germany) and Kuehne (third at the Buick Championship in Cromwell, Conn.) have reached the ...
Loss of Intelsat Satellite Threatens \$3.1 Bln Deal  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The planned \$3.1 billion takeover  of satellite operator Intelsat Ltd. could be in jeopardy after  an electrical problem ruined one of the company's satellites on  Sunday.
Delgado bears no grudges, but doesn #39;t think Jays made serious &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Carlos Delgado says he is leaving Toronto with no grudges, although the first baseman doesn #39;t think the Blue Jays did all they could to re-sign him.
Twins Defeat Indians 4-3 (AP) AP - Corey Koskie homered and hit a go-ahead two-run single in the eighth inning, lifting the Minnesota Twins over the Cleveland Indians 4-3 Friday night.
Israel Hints Ousting Arafat Delayed by Gaza Pullout  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel renewed its threat on Monday  to remove Yasser Arafat but hinted it had delayed taking action  against the Palestinian president to avoid complicating a  planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Murali will take back world record from Warne: Ranatunga (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's World Cup-winning skipper Arjuna Ranatunga has congratulated his old foe Shane Warne on becoming the world's highest Test wicket-taker, but predicted his glory will be short-lived.
BMC rounds out SmartDBA family with IMS mainframe BMC Software Inc. has added IBM Corp.'s IMS mainframe database to the platforms supported by its SmartDBA family of products, completing a two-year mission to provide tools for managing all of the major databases from a single, Web-based console.
No decision after gymnastics hearing The hearing over the men #39;s gymnastics gold medal from the Athens Olympics adjourned today without a decision. The general secretary of the Court of Arbitration for Sport said he hopes there will be a decision within two weeks.
IBM tightening Eclipse, Java, Linux links IBM on Thursday will announce the release of a free tools bundle for Eclipse to make it easier to deploy Java applications on Linux.
United unions seek up to \$1 billion in skipped pension payments CHICAGO The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines wants the carrier to make up millions in skipped pension contributions before exiting bankruptcy.
Competition in sight for Clement The Red Sox are one of seven teams that have an offer on the table to righthander Matt Clement , who came up in the Padres' system with Theo Epstein and remains one of the most attractive pitching options left on the market despite a career record under .500.
U.S. Warplanes Bomb Iraq's Falluja Again (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. warplanes attacked targets\in Iraq's Sunni Muslim city of Falluja for a second time on\Friday, witnesses said.
Westwood leads Goosen England #39;s Lee Westwood leads South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen by one shot going into the final day of the Nedbank Challenge in Sun City.
Universities to Build Largest Telescope (AP) AP - The University of Texas and Texas A amp;M University are planning to construct what they call the world's largest telescope with the help of a Houston businessman's  #36;1.25 million gift.
Pakistani Strike on Terror Training Camp Kills 50 Pakistani jets pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a two-hour barrage Thursday in tribal South Waziristan, killing 50 people, senior intelligence and military officials said.
Paxil Maker Will Post Its Unfavorable Test Results Drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline agreed Thursday to settle charges that it hid and misrepresented unfavorable data about the effectiveness and safety of its top-selling anti
Suzuki into Japan Open quarterfinals TOKYO - Takao Suzuki kept Japanese hopes alive in the men #39;s draw at the Japan Open on Wednesday after producing a hard-fought win over 15th-seeded Czech Jan Hernych to reach the third round of the \$860,000 event for the fourth year running.
Microsoft Plans Russian Hotmail, Network Microsoft Corporation plans to create Russian versions of its Hotmail e-mail program and Microsoft Network online service, Associated Press reports.
India News  gt; Trucker #39;s strike enters second day: The Delhi government Sunday braced to tackle a rise in prices of essential commodities and vegetables as an indefinite nationwide truckers #39; strike entered its second day.
US services sector expands at slower pace in September WASHINGTON : The vast US services sector grew at a slower pace in September as hurricanes and high energy prices inflicted pain, a survey showed.
Soy Group Sees Ample Fungicide Supply for Rust WASHINGTON - US farmers should have enough fungicide available next year to combat the newly arrived soybean rust disease, and federal regulators may speed up the approval of additional chemical treatments, the American Soybean Association said.
Reds #39; Baros fears confirmed Liverpool have received confirmation that striker Milan Baros will be out of action for at least three weeks with a hamstring injury.
Hip-Hop Alters NBA There's a growing disconnect between basketball's paying public and the NBA players that began when the NBA decided to dovetail its product with hip-hop.
Unfinished Business Piles Up in Congress (AP) AP - For the fourth straight election year, people tired of all the politicking and politicians tired of all the campaigning face the prospect of Congress returning after Election Day for an unpopular lame-duck session.
Gold Fields to Shrug Off Harmony #39;s Voting Bid HARMONY has voted its 10,8 of Gold Fields shares against a planned reverse-listing of Gold Fields assets outside southern Africa into IAMGOLD of Canada, Harmony director Ferdi Dippenaar said yesterday.
Putin Says Belarus Gas Spat Is Over President Vladimir Putin said Monday that Russia and Belarus have put a sharp dispute over natural gas deliveries behind them and that there are no obstacles to good relations.
Bank of America to Move Part of Business to Boston The move concentrates one of the company's four major business lines in the city and seeks to reassure Massachusetts officials that it is committed to the Northeast.
Southern Rebel Chief Garang Rejects Links to Darfur  LONDON (Reuters) - Southern Sudanese rebel chief John  Garang denied on Tuesday accusations by the Sudanese government  that he backed the uprising in Darfur in the west.
Redskins Coach Bemoans Questionable Calls (AP) AP - Apparently even a Hall of Fame coach doesn't get a break from the officials. Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs on Tuesday reviewed the tape of the previous night's loss to the Dallas Cowboys and determined he was on the wrong side of ""two awful calls.""
For designer Michael Kors, it's all in the bag Michael Kors was 12 when he designed his first handbag, a fringed suede shoulder bag with whipstitching that he ended up selling to a neighbor.
Eisner to Retire As Disney CEO in 2006 LOS ANGELES - Michael Eisner, who helped transform The Walt Disney Co. into a media powerhouse, but has come under increasing pressure recently to improve the company's lagging performance, will retire after more than two decades as CEO, the company said Friday...
German recycling violates EU law Parts of Germany #39;s complex can and bottle recycling system violate European Union law, according to a ruling yesterday by the European Court of Justice, the EU #39;s highest court.
Ichiro Singles to Break Hits Record The Seattle Mariners #39; Ichiro Suzuki broke a long-standing Major League record with his 258th hit of the season, a third-inning single against the Texas Rangers on Friday.
Global Markets: European Stocks Rise  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares rose to 29-month highs  on Wednesday while the dollar came under modest pressure  despite a rate hike, and reassuring words, from the Federal  Reserve.
Oil Prices Continue to Plummet Crude oil futures continued to plummet today on the belief that fuel supplies in the United States will be adequate to deal with its coming winter.
Australia four back as Ireland, Austria grab World Golf lead Australia is four shots from the lead after the opening fourballs round of the World Cup golf event in Spain, with Stephen Leaney and Nick O #39;Hern tied for sixth on 8-under.
Man Charged with Peddling Stolen Windows Source Code A Microsoft lawyer said the arrest was  quot;significant, quot; given the value of the source code.  quot;It is our secret recipe, our secret formula like the Coke formula, quot; associate general counsel Tom Rubin said.
Stock buybacks not always a good sign Investors who see company buybacks of stock as only good news may be overlooking the damage that certain share repurchases can do to companies #39; financial health.
Michael Owen fit for England game Michael Owen is expected to be fit for Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier game against Wales. Owen, who has been suffering from a hamstring injury, managed to train successfully on Wednesday.
Armstrong short on summits in quest for new peaks IN THE brasseries of the Etoile quarter of Paris yesterday lunchtime, the talk was of how many more years the locals would have to endure Lance Armstrongs domination of their cherished Tour de France.
Ministers support wheat board #39;s role WINNIPEGThree federal cabinet ministers have assured the Canadian Wheat Board that they support its monopoly selling powers debated at recent world trade talks, the board #39;s chairman said yesterday.
Iraqi foreign minister stops unexpectedly in Saudi Arabia (AFP) AFP - Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari arrived unexpectedly in the holy city of Mecca Wednesday where he met Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz, the official SPA news agency reported.
PeopleSoft: Board Rejects Oracle Offer (Reuters) Reuters - Business-software maker\PeopleSoft Inc.  on Saturday said its board has again\unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s   #36;9.2 billion\tender offer, even after 61 percent of PeopleSoft shares had\been tendered to Oracle.
Beijing Accused of Meddling in HK Elections Hong Kong media and a rights group accused Beijing on Thursday of meddling in a weekend election, saying its publicity about a pro-democracy candidate jailed for hiring a prostitute was timed to influence the result.
New CEO predicted to follow same path McDonalds Corp. s choice of an insider to replace ailing Chief Executive Officer Charlie Bell should keep the company on the path that has led
A quarter of bird species in danger of extinction, study warns By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 per cent will be on the brink of extinction according to one of the largest studies of avian biodiversity.
The Woz has got game Apple Computer co-founder Steve Wozniak joins advisory board of start-up Eye Games.
Mozilla Exceptions (mexception) \\For some reason I never released this code.\\I developed it while working on NewsMonster and just forgot I think\\It's an extension for Mozilla that allows you to see all runtime exceptions\(with full stack traces) that are unhandled by Mozilla. \\Just install it and if your code generates an unhandled exception it will show\up in the logs and on the console.\\Very handy for doing any hardcore Mozilla development.\\
Howell leads at Dunhill England's David Howell highlighted his round with an eagle yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over compatriot and Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald after two rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship at St. Andrews, Scotland.
Royals' Stairs Signs Contract Extension (AP) AP - Kansas City outfielder Matt Stairs signed a one-year contract extension Wednesday that will keep him under contract with the Royals through 2005.
Nets #39; Planinic has hand surgery CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Zoran Planinic of the New Jersey Nets underwent surgery on his broken left hand Thursday and is sidelined indefinitely.
Study: Apple, Dell lead PC customer satisfaction index (MacCentral) MacCentral - The PC industry is doing a better job of satisfying its U.S. customers than in recent years, and improvements to technical support seem to have done the trick, according to the results of a study released Tuesday by the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
Boeing says WTO action not tied to US election The US complaint at the World Trade Organization over loans by European governments to European rival Airbus isn #39;t driven by election politics, Boeing Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said yesterday.
Office Depot Misses School Hurricanes, weak back-to-school sales, and weak European business bring an earnings warning.
Future #39;s Cloudy for Clear Channel Multimedia monster Clear Channel Communications (NYSE: CCU) turned up the volume today with a third-quarter report that was decidedly better than the headlines hyping a  quot;60 drop quot; in earnings.
Today 121 articles about Russia appeared worldwide YUKOS petition for bankruptcy protection was lodged to the US court to protect reputation of foreign managers, wont held the holders, M. Khodorkovsky said.
Pinsent will retire ... and then return: Redgrave Matthew Pinsent is to announce his retirement, according to Sir Steven Redgrave, but is likely to follow in his footsteps by changing his mind and returning to the sport.
Deal with ULR targets MetLife, Prudential, Unum, Cigna SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi sued four leading group benefits insurers and broker Universal Life Resources, for allegedly taking part in secret kickback schemes that raised the cost of coverage for millions of
Trump Does Seventh Avenue Apprentice contestants take it to the catwalk in the cutthroat apparel business.
Moon #39;s eclipse like a  #39;rusty ball #39; Stargazers were able to catch a fleeting glimpse of a total eclipse of the moon in the early hours today. The clouds cleared to allow a rusty ball to be seen, despite bad weather, between 3.23am and 4.44am.
Disney Backs Blu-Ray Format for Its Movies (AP) AP - The Walt Disney Co. plans to release its movies and other content in the Blu-Ray format, one of the two major contenders for next-generation DVDs that will deliver high-definition images to TV sets.
FSU, Miami to battle as ACC rivals, this time MIAMI - Friday may mark No. 5 Miamis entrance into the Atlantic Coast Conference. However, you can forgive the Hurricanes if the game has a familiar feel to it.
The boys from Bentonville feel the need to be loved Lee Scott Jr., the chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores, was speaking the other day about old times at the company #39;s headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas.
Ex-Yugoslav Head Milosevic Begins Defense THE HAGUE, Netherlands - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic opened his long-delayed defense at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal Tuesday, describing the battles of his Serbian people as self defense against internal rebellions and external attacks by Islamic warriors.    Milosevic, charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in the Balkans, portrayed the Serbs as victims rather than aggressors: victims of a plan supported by the United States and Europe to break up Yugoslavia, of an attempt to wipe out Croatia's Serb minority, and of a Saudi-financed plot to create an Islamic state in Bosnia...
3 days to tell if quake predictor right The day of reckoning is coming. For someone. By Labor Day, either Southern California will have suffered a magnitude-6.4 earthquake or at least one UCLA geophysicist will be eating some serious crow.
Gasoline Pump Price Falls for 9th Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retail gasoline prices declined\for the ninth week in a row and truckers are enjoying the\cheapest diesel fuel in almost four months, the Energy\Department said on Monday.
United fans wait for takeover news Manchester United fans may be in for an anxious wait before learning whether Malcolm Glazer intends to launch a takeover bid for the Old Trafford club.
French economy set for growth: OECD PARIS, Nov 30 (AFP) - The French economy is set for growth in the next two years and unemployment should begin to fall once oil prices ease, the OECD said here Tuesday.
Schools 'failing to tap e-cash' Millions of pounds set aside by the UK government for e-learning is not being spent, say experts.
BODY COUNT RISES The casualties of Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of bid-rigging and restraint of trade in the insurance industry are beginning to pile up.
Next Windows Version: 2006 Target Microsoft announces Longhorn, its next version of Windows, will meet its 2006 release date. But to deliver on time for corporate client contracts, a key component -- the underlying file system for the software -- will be missing.
Downer positive over North Korea talks TONY JONES: On a rare visit to North Korea, Australia #39;s Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said today he #39;s held productive talks on efforts to end the reclusive nation #39;s nuclear program.
Murray looks to bright future Within hours of Tim Henman #39;s US Open semi-final defeat by Roger Federer on Saturday, 17-year-old Andrew Murray stormed to the junior title with a straight-sets defeat of Ukraine #39;s Sergiy Stakhovsky.
Clashes Break Out in Lebanon Refugee Camp (AP) AP - Armed clashes broke out Sunday between Palestinian supporters of Yasser Arafat and Islamic extremists in Lebanon's largest refugee camp, and officials said two people were killed, including a teenage girl on a balcony outside the camp who was hit by a stray bullet.
US-Russian space crew heads toward earth ARKALYK, Kazakhstan - The Soyuz spacecraft carrying a US-Russian crew pulled away from the international space station early Sunday, ending a six-month mission in orbit and starting a fast journey back to Earth.
Somalis celebrate new parliament Hundreds of Somalis have taken to the streets of the capital, Mogadishu, to celebrate the inauguration of the country #39;s parliament.
Houllier installed as favourite to succeed Robson Gerard Houllier was on Monday installed as the early favourite to succeed Sir Bobby Robson as Newcastle manager. The former Liverpool boss is being tipped to take over with Magpies skipper Alan Shearer, who
Jeremy Warner #39;s Outlook: The pensions blot on Chancellor #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gordon Brown was at it again at the Labour Party conference in Brighton yesterday, boasting of the fiscal and monetary stability he and his policies have introduced into the UK economy.
Earthquake Weighs Heavily on Tokyo Stocks (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks ended sharply lower Monday due to economic uncertainties following powerful earthquakes that hit northern Japan over the weekend. The dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
Toshiba signals DVD format war Sony, the Japanese electronics and entertainment group, has approached arch-rival Toshiba in an attempt to prevent a damaging format war over their next-generation DVDs.
Briefly: Verizon opens global phone to consumers roundup Plus: IBM, Honda team on voice-driven car navigation...Linux seller completes name change...SAP names new VP...Amazon opens floor to political pundits.
Holloway's on a Mission Through three games in 2004, Brian Holloway has recorded 19 tackles, third-best on the team and with injuries in the linebacking corps, his ascension has been vital for the Terps.
Campbell throws rivals a curve ball Going into territory that Merlene Ottey, Grace Jackson and Juliet Cuthbert could never quite reach, Veronica Campbell gave Jamaica their first women #39;s sprint gold medal in last night #39;s 200 metres final.
Iraq nuclear equipment vanished - UN The UN #39;s nuclear watchdog raised concerns on Monday about material and equipment from Saddam Hussein #39;s regime, which could be used to make a nuclear weapon and have since vanished in Iraq.
Family Tree Maker 2005 Deluxe; Law   Order: Justice Is Served; WWE Smackdown! Vs. Raw The 12th edition of this genealogy program comes in three editions -- Standard, Deluxe and Collector's -- but the core program is identical in all.
CDs to Dominate for Years Over Net Downloads-Study The compact disc has at least another five years as the most popular music format before online downloads chip away at its dominance, a new study said on Tuesday.
Holiday Shoppers Off to a Fast Start Holiday shoppers spent 10 percent more Friday than they did a year ago, according to early reports, but Wal-Mart Stores Inc. dampened hopes for a strong start to the key retail season by slashing its November sales forecast by more than half.
Olympics-German women beat Swedes to take bronze Germany beat Sweden 1-0 in a repeat of the 2003 World Cup final to take Olympic bronze in the women #39;s soccer tournament on Thursday.
Another broker accused New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued a second insurance broker Friday as part of his investigation into the insurance industry, saying Universal Life Resources Inc.
Hurricanes Strap on the Pads for Tuesday Workout CORAL GABLES, Fla. - Despite a recent rash of injuries, the University of Miami #39;s 12th-ranked football team conducted a normal Tuesday practice with full-contact work at the Greentree Practice Fields.
Spinning Out Clear Winner Even Before Debate Begins Both campaigns have exhorted their supporters to flood the media with messages declaring a winner in the debates, hoping to influence the post-debate spin wars.
GU Pounds San Jose St. Ray Reed scores 10 points and Georgetown holds San Jose State to a season-low point total in a 58-40 win over the Spartans.
Microsoft plots next Office release for '05 or '06 A Microsoft vice president confirmed this week that the company intends to ship a new version of Office, referred to internally as Office 12, in the next 12 to 24 months.
Apple Under Scrutiny as Music Competition Rises Apple Computer Inc. AAPL.O may have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac computers, but
Update 1: Indian Telecom Buys Tyco Network Assets Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd., India #39;s top phone and broadband provider, on Monday said it plans to buy Tyco International Ltd. #39;s undersea fiber-optic network for \$130 million, a move an analyst said could spawn a number of similar deals involving foreign
Derrida, father of deconstructionism, dies number of false assumptions and that they have multiple meanings which even their author may not have understood. It is heralded as showing the multiple layers of meaning at work in language, but was described by critics as nihilistic.
Global warming severest in Arctic: study A comprehensive scientific study of the Arctic climate has confirmed what Canadian Dene and Inuit have been saying for years: the North is melting, and faster all the time.
FCC asks high court to rule on broadband The federal government is challenging an appeals court ruling that, officials fear, would stifle the expansion of cable broadband services by burdening the providers with new regulations.
Woodward dedictated to Lions Sir Clive Woodward has underlined his  quot;complete focus quot; on next summer #39;s tour to New Zealand after Lions chiefs gave him their total backing as head coach.
General Dynamics Profit Jumps 23 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Defense contractor General Dynamics  Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings surged 23  percent, led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
MacCentral week in review Apple opens its first European Apple Store on Saturday, on Regent Street in London #39;s West End. In a special press tour of the store earlier this week, Apple #39;s vice president of retail Ron
Global mobile users to approach two billion by 2006: Ericsson chief (AFP) AFP - The world will have almost two billion mobile telephone users by 2006 due to growth in emerging markets such as India and China, the head of Swedish giant Ericsson revealed.
Spanish Bank  #39;Won #39;t Be Put off by Rival Abbey Bid #39; The Spanish bank bidding to buy Abbey National insisted today that a rival offer from UK group HBOS would not necessarily derail its interest.
Palestinian Girl Killed in Gaza Strip, Medics Say (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead a 7-year-old\Palestinian girl in a Gaza refugee camp on Friday, medics said,\after militants wounded four Israelis in a mortar attack on a\nearby Jewish settlement.
Jockey Club clears Fallon Kieren Fallon, the former champion Flat jockey, will not face disrepute charges relating to race-fixing allegations made against him in a Sunday newspaper, the Jockey Club said on Tuesday.
Football can parallel investment decisions With the pro football season in full swing, it's time again for a superfluous digression into the corollaries between investing and sports. I can already hear some of you groaning, but cut me some slack.
Rauffer Beats Favorites to Win Downhill  VAL GARDENA, Italy (Reuters) - Max Rauffer became the first  German man in nearly 13 years to win an Alpine ski World Cup  race when he beat the favorites in a wind-affected downhill on  Saturday.
Gold Hits 16-Year High; Asian Shares Gain (Reuters) Reuters - Gold hit its highest level in more\than 16 years on Tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool\worries over the currency's outlook, while Asian stocks gained\modestly after a solid performance on Wall Street.
Honda/IBM improve speech-recognition system Honda Motor Co., with software help from IBM, is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system as standard equipment on the 2005 Acura RL sedan.
Tax Deductions for Home PCs You can deduct all or part of the costs of your home PC, depending upon its use. But put on your thinking cap before you tackle this gnarly issue.
N.M. Museum to Launch Names Into Space (AP) AP - The New Mexico Museum of Space History will be shipping names to the stars with the first X-Prize launch into space.
Higher Rates Blamed for British Bankruptcy Rising interest rates and a reliance on credit were blamed Friday for an increased number of British personal bankruptcies in the latest quarter.
Intel unveils plans for multitasking chip Chip maker Intel Corp. has announced plans to improve its flagship products in ways that could redefine the role of a microprocessor in a computer and help the company stay ahead of its competitors.
Microsoft Crafts Backup Plan Microsoft Corp. officials said yesterday that the company has spent millions of dollars preparing a version of its Windows operating system without a program for playing digital music and
Unisys boosts COO to CEO Joseph McGrath will take over as CEO of Unisys next year, replacing Lawrence Weinbach.
Players reject latest deal Toronto - It #39;s getting so late in the game, so to speak, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has offered federal mediation as a last-ditch possibility.
Gatlin Wins 100 Sprint America's Justin Gatlin runa the race of his life, barely holding off the field Sunday to win the 100 meters in 9.85 seconds.
Federer Pulls Out in Basle Roger Federer has pulled out of his home event in Basle with a left thigh injury. The top-ranked player in the world pulled out of the Davidoff Swiss Indoors tennis tournament after tearing a muscle in his
Starbucks CEO to Retire, Shares Fall  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Starbucks Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBUX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SBUX.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said its chief executive, Orin Smith, will retire next year,  surprising investors, who sent the coffee shop chain's shares  lower in after-hours trading.
Six more months for Mars rovers Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity will spend another six months crawling over the surface of the red planet and sending data back to Earth.
Predicting the Path of an Inferno Flames leap 200 feet in the air and burn at 2,000 degrees. A rain of fire sets thousands of acres ablaze. The smoke jumpers may get the glory, but the battle is being won by the wildfire-simulation brigade. By Michael Behar from Wired magazine.
Financial Firms Hasten Their Move to Outsourcing A myriad of financial institutions including banks, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment firms and credit-card companies are sending work to overseas locations.
German government miffed by Bundesbank's scepticism on growth (AFP) AFP - The German government expressed annoyance at the Bundesbank following a press report which suggested the German central bank was sceptical about Berlin's growth forecast for next year.
Attacks Sabotage Iraq Reconstruction While attacks on U.S. soldiers remain fairly random and opportunistic, insurgent fighters are targeting places that Iraqis rely on for assistance, frustrating politicians, police and U.S. Army officers.
Straight Talk By charlie smith. Since the release of a Hollinger International Inc. special committee #39;s report on August 31, much has been written and broadcast about the lavish lifestyles enjoyed by Conrad Black and his
Packers dominate both sides of the line Entering the inaugural Monday night outing of 2004, conventional wisdom was that the Green Bay Packers would need a supreme effort to come here and defeat the defending
Fraud trial for Spanish bank boss The chairman of Spain's largest banking group, Santander Central Hispano, is to stand trial on charges of tax fraud.
It's career day for Pingree's Lloyd Pingree's David Lloyd matched his career high of 34 points in the second half alone as he totaled a school-record 61 points yesterday in a 78-68 win over host Cambridge School of Weston. Lloyd, a senior guard, added nine assists and four steals.
Starbucks Will Use Cups With 10 Recycled Paper Starbucks has received F.D.A. approval to use recycled paper in their cups. The company says no one else uses recycled paper.
Shoppers bolt for bargains By CHIP GUY, RICHARD SINE and TED GRIFFITH / The News Journal. Janet Selden wasn #39;t sure she could do it this year. In the early morning hours Friday, the 50-year-old Brandywine Hundred resident thought seriously
Feds Bust File-Sharing Sites Operation Digital Gridlock targets peer-to-peer sites, ISPs in piracy investigation.
Spokane diocese files for bankruptcy By becoming only the third diocese nationally to seek shelter in bankruptcy court, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane is hoping the court will help provide a clearer picture of its financial liability in mounting sex-abuse lawsuits and goad its
Most Airlines Raise Fares to Offset Fuel (Reuters) Reuters - Most U.S. airlines, trying to offset\record high jet fuel prices, have boosted air fares in North\America by as much as  #36;10 on round-trip flights.
Venezuela pay price for daring to attack Venezuela #39;s 5-2 home defeat by Brazil in their World Cup qualifier has sent a clear message to any other teams who might be tempted to attack the world champions and play them as equals - don #39;t even think about it.
Windows upgrade fixes security flaws, but it #39;s not perfect Microsoft is making a major push to get home and business customers to embrace the security-focused overhaul to its Windows XP computer operating system.
US Treasuries Fall as Manufacturing Likely Gained This Month US 10-year Treasury notes fell in Asia as an index of manufacturing probably rose from last month, giving further evidence the economy is expanding.
Flaw opens crack in Windows servers A flaw in popular Windows server software could allow remote attacks to be launched against systems, Microsoft has confirmed. The vulnerability is in Windows Internet Name Service, or WINS, a network infrastructure
US Ordered to Reduce Crop Supports The United States has been ordered to withdraw some of its support for producers of cotton and other commodities, according to a World Trade Organization report made public Wednesday.
Sex Scandal Rocks Hong Kong Politics  HONG KONG (Reuters) - The arrest in south China of a Hong  Kong pro-democracy politician for hiring a prostitute has  eroded support for his party and hurt its chance of victory in  the city's legislative elections next month.
College Basketball: Kentucky, Virginia Win  LEXINGTON, Ky. (Sports Network) - Kelenna Azubuike poured  in a game-high 21 points, Shagari Alleyne added 11 points and  Kentucky rolled past Morehead State, 71-40, in non-conference  play at Rupp Arena.
RSS Edges Into the Bureaucracy Really simple syndication is worming its way into the heart of the U.S. government, as agencies discover it's a good way to distribute information. By Daniel Terdiman.
Can Firefox Browser Derail Microsoft? Much like Linux, the Firefox browser has become an open-source phenomenon. More than five million people have downloaded the preview version of the free product -- developed by the non-profit
Makybe Diva wins successive Melbourne Cups Makybe Diva won the 144th running of the A\$4.6 million (1.9 million pounds) Melbourne Cup to become only the fourth horse and the first mare to capture Australia #39;s richest and most famous race two years in a row.
GM Leads Stronger U.S. Vehicle Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said its U.S. sales soared 20.5 percent in September as  month-end incentives from the world's largest automaker lured  consumers back to dealerships after three months of weaker  results.
Microsoft #39;s Softer Tune with the EC Microsoft #39;s day in court -- this time, Europe #39;s Court of First Instance in Luxembourg -- doesn #39;t come until Sept. 30. But the software giant is already on the offensive, holding court of its own with a Sept.
No. 3 Syracuse Beats St. Bonaventure 91-67 (AP) AP - Hakim Warrick had 18 points and 11 rebounds and Josh Pace added 14 points and 10 rebounds to lead No. 3 Syracuse past St. Bonaventure 91-67 on Wednesday night.
Hitachi strikes new direction with Lightning 8 Sep 2004, 18:44 GMT - Hitachi this week laid a unique bet on storage virtualization with the launch of the latest version of its flagship Lightning disk array.
Iranian Leader Rules Out Halt in Uranium Enrichment Iran #39;s supreme leader threatened Wednesday to pull out of negotiations if European countries press their demand for total suspension of uranium enrichment, as a new round
Nintendo DS Media Adaptor soon Soon Japanese owners of the Nintendo DS (Dual Screen), their latest handheld console, and GameBoy Advance SP will be able to play music and video with a new adaptor on their pocket marvels.
WebEx adds Sales Center for sales professionals WebEx Communications is expanding its Web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on Monday.
Kazaa offers unlimited free Internet phone calls Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Mexican Claim of New Oil Deposits  Doubted Officials at Mexico's state-owned oil monopoly said Monday that the company has detected massive new oil deposits in the Gulf of Mexico that could potentially double the country's reserves, but industry analysts cautioned that the  findings are still unproven.
OMX has no interest in buying London Stock Exchange FRANKFURT (AFP) - OMX -- the European stock market group made up of the Stockholm, Helsinki and Baltic stock exchanges -- does not intend to get into in a bidding war with Deutsche Boerse for the London Stock Exchange, OMX #39;s president designate said in a
Robo-servants set to sweep into homes com October 20, 2004, 12:46 PM PT. There were over 600,000 household service robots in use worldwide in 2003, and more than 4 million new units should join them over the next three
Big Blue Breaks Price Barrier With Linux Lineup IBM today released an entry-level Power5-based server tuned for Linux, the eServer OpenPower 720 -- an alternative to the higher priced HP and Sun entry-level Unix and Linux systems.
Transatlantic Live Brain Surgery to Be Beamed to UK (Reuters) Reuters - It's not for the squeamish but Britons\with a strong constitution will get a rare opportunity to view\brain surgery as it happens, in an operating room 4,000 miles\away in the United States.
You can do it too, S #39;pore If Greece, with 10m people, can pull off the Games at the 11th hour, why not? THE final weekend of the Olympics is at hand, and the reckoning is nigh.
Ericsson ends Bluetooth hardware development Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, the company that invented and heavily promoted Bluetooth wireless technology, has decided to discontinue its design and development of new Bluetooth systems for the semiconductor industry.
GOP Gets House to Nix Draft Bill 402-2 WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that President Bush wants to reinstate the draft if he is re-elected, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday killing legislation that would do just that.    Republicans accused Democrats of feeding the rumor mill to scare young voters and their parents into voting against Bush...
Italian FM to Middle East to seek release of aid workers in Iraq ROME : Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini was to leave for the Middle East, as Rome pressed on with efforts to win the release of two Italian aid workers kidnapped in Iraq, his ministry said.
Disaster Toll Tripled in 2003 Amid Quakes, Heatwave Natural disasters killed 76,806 people in 2003, three times the number of victims in 2002, a rise due in part to extremes in the global climate, the world #39;s largest humanitarian body said on Thursday.
Free security SW to members: AOL The anti virus software will be available when subscribers download a new version of AOL #39;s client software, AOL 9.0 Security Edition, in November.
Hitting History: Seattle outfielder singles in first two at-bats &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; What once looked like a forgettable season-ending weekend at Safeco Field came alive Friday night. Ichiro Suzuki became major league baseball #39;s single-season
Irish Take Big Step With a 27-9 win over Navy, the Irish move to 5-2 on the season. Irish fans had plenty to celebrate with this victory, and the Irish have plenty to play for in the future.
Hurricane Jeanne Takes Aim at Florida WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - Hurricane Jeanne trekked westward Friday on a path that could lead to Florida's east coast by Sunday, setting off another round of storm preparations in a state still reeling from three earlier strikes...
WOMEN #39;S MARATHON The Pain of Defeat Is Still Fresh Crushed by her failure to finish the women #39;s Olympic marathon Sunday, Paula Radcliffe broke down twice yesterday as she struggled to explain how her dreams were shattered.
US condemns beheading, praises Japan for not bowing to terrorists WASHINGTON, Nov 1 (AFP) - The United States on Monday condemned the beheading of a Japanese tourist by militants in Iraq as a  quot;heinous crime quot; and hailed Tokyo #39;s rejection of terrorist demands to withdraw troops from the insurgency-wracked nation.
Taiwan Court Won #39;t Nullify March Election Taiwan #39;s High Court ruled against nullifying the March 20 presidential election on Thursday, rejecting opposition claims that the vote was marred by fraud and a shooting that
Strong Meteor Shower Peaks Monday Night (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - If you were disappointed \  with the meager showing put on by this year's Leonid meteor shower, don't fret. \  What could be the best meteor display of the year is scheduled to reach its \  peak on Monday night, Dec. 13.
Smith Takes a Pounding AO Smith (NYSE: AOS), North America #39;s largest manufacturer of electric motors, shocked investors this morning by drastically reducing third-quarter earnings guidance to breakeven
Hamza quizzed over terrorism Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza, 47, of north London, is being questioned over allegations he supported terrorism. Detectives will explore whether he gave aid to terrorists, either through recruitment, finance or logistics.
Verisign loses legal battle with ICANN, again Verisign has lost the latest round of its legal battle against the Internet #39;s technical regulator ICANN. Judge Howard Matz of the District Court in Central California threw out Verisign #39;s allegations that
Barca Extend Lead at the Top Barcelona preserved their unbeaten run with a 3-0 win over Osasuna at the Nou Camp to keep the chasing pack in the Primera Liga at arms length.
Mariners sign Beltre After finishing at the bottom of the AL West and winding up last in the league in runs and homers, the Mariners reached agreement with Beltre on a \$64 million, five-year deal Thursday, The Associated Press learned.
Stewart #39;s vision betrayed by Government apathy  quot;A bitter blow, quot; decreed Sir Jackie Stewart on the news that the circuit which hosted the first Formula One grand prix on May 13, 1950, had been dropped.
EADS offers to split US tanker deal with Boeing PARIS The parent company of European aircraft maker Airbus has proposed splitting a contested US Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival, Chicago-based Boeing.
Possibly the fastest way to spend money Next, you could have a Motorola mobile phone with MasterCard PayPass to help you spend money faster.  quot;This is layering on more features to make the cell phone
Brown Players Relieved After Davis Leaves (AP) AP - With music blaring in the suddenly upbeat Cleveland locker room, Browns defensive end Kenard Lang and other players called coach Butch Davis' resignation a welcome change.
American Financial Unit Receives Subpoena  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Financial Group Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AFG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AFG.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Monday its property and casualty insurance unit  received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer's office concerning legal malpractice insurance.
Abuses in Afghan Campaign, But UN Sees Fair Vote (Reuters) Reuters - The campaign for Afghanistan's landmark\presidential election has been marred by intimidation and\official partiality, the United Nations said on Sunday, but it\expects this week's vote to be relatively free and fair.
Oracle's 'best and final' offer rejected (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - PeopleSoft's board of directors rejected Oracle's  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid Wednesday, thrusting the business software maker's fate in the hands of its shareholders.
Progress Is Made Battling Strep Germ By LINDSEY TANNER     CHICAGO (AP) -- Scientists say they are making headway in developing a vaccine against a common strep germ, the cause of millions of sore throats as well as a deadly but uncommon flesh-eating disease.    A test of an experimental vaccine in just 28 people prompted an immune response with no serious side effects, but it's still not known if the shot would keep people from catching the strep germ...
Saddam Aides Refusing Food, US Military Says Several of Saddam Hussein #39;s jailed deputies have been refusing food but Saddam himself is not on hunger strike on the eve of the first anniversary of his capture, an officer in charge of detainees said on Sunday.
CIA funds chatroom surveillance The CIA is quietly funding federal research into surveillance of Internet chatrooms as part of an effort to identify possible terrorists, newly released documents reveal.
Virgin Mary sandwich toast of bidders The eBay auction of a cheese sandwich said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary has drawn cheesy spoofs, including victuals meant to resemble the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
Chip Shots Over for Chip Investors Figuring out which way the winds are blowing in the chip sector just got harder. Recent news suggests the all-encompassing rally off the September lows has ended and the sector #39;s investors will have to be much more selective going forward.
NC State 17, Virginia Tech 16 TA McLendon ran for 93 yards and a touchdown for North Carolina State and Virginia Tech kicker Brandon Pace missed a 43-yard field goal attempt as time expired as the Wolfpack beat the Hokies 17-16 Saturday.
Quake kills 11 in Indonesia AT least 11 people were killed and 65 injured when a strong earthquake shook Indonesia #39;s Papua province today, collapsing buildings and starting fires, officials said.
Moore election special is dropped A three-hour election show from film-maker Michael Moore has been dropped by a US cable TV company.
Australian Agency Picks Sun Desktop Over Microsoft An Australian city has signed a contract to replace Microsoft  #39;s Windows-desktop system on several thousand PCs with Sun Microsystems #39;s products, Sun officials said Friday.
Nervous Democrats link Kerry's debate fortunes with their own (AFP) AFP - Anxious Democrats in Congress were counting on their presidential challenger John Kerry to stage a comeback in his debate against President George W. Bush, as they nervously prepare for a vote in November on their own future.
Palestinian suicide bomber kills 3 Israelis A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in the middle of Tel Aviv #39;s Shuk HaCarmel yesterday, killing three Israelis and wounding more than
UNC Stops Tennessee Rashad McCants scores 27 points and North Carolina rides a sharp first half to a 94-81 victory over Tennessee in the semifinals of the Maui Invitational.
Justice Dept. to Announce Cyber-Crime Crackdown (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Justice Department is set to announce a major crackdown on cyber-crime that will include arrests, subpoenas and property seizures of alleged e-mail spammers and online scam artists, according to law enforcement and industry sources.
ATI Brings Digital TV to Your PC HDTV Wonder snags free high-definition transmissions for budget viewing.
German economic recovery slows down LONDON, November 11 (newratings.com) - Germany witnessed a slowdown in its economic growth momentum during the third quarter this year, with the nation #39;s GDP growth rate declining to 0.1 from the relatively robust growth rate of 0.4 in the first two
Marsh to Make Payments More Transparent One day after Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. ousted its chief executive, the nation #39;s largest insurance broker said it will tell its clients exactly how much they are paying
Australian Taliban charged at US military tribunal after meeting family (AFP) AFP - A US military tribunal charged Australian Taliban fighter David Hicks with warcrimes after he was allowed to meet his family for the first time in five years.
Garcia Marquez Has Last Laugh on Book Pirates &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Alistair Bell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Latin American literary giantGabriel Garcia Marquez has unintentionally won the last laughon copyright pirates by changing the ending of his latest book,the Nobel laureate's first novel in 10 years.&lt;/p&gt;
Sites Help to Connect Social Networks Two new Web services launched last week aim to help people tap their friends for tips about where to eat, shop and play. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
SEC Looking Into Broker Trade Prices  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is investigating about a dozen brokerage firms that  may have failed to obtain the best price for stocks traded for  customers, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
Mariners sign slugger Sexson CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent first baseman Richie Sexson is the newest member of the Seattle Mariners. The four-year deal, which was contingent on Sexson passing a physical, was announced Wednesday and is reportedly worth \$10 million US per season.
They'll come out swinging There's a common determination between the Red Sox and Angels entering today's Game 3 of the best-of-five American League Division Series at Fenway Park, albeit for different reasons.
May restate Q1, Q2 net income NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - SunTrust Banks said Monday it expects to restate its first and second quarter 2004 earnings after finding accounting irregularities in the way it recorded loan loss allowances for some auto loans.
Rugby: No All Blacks in IRB player of year list New Zealand names were absent from the list of five nominees for the International Rugby Board #39;s player of the year announced on Wednesday.
Stocks to Open Higher Despite Weak Dollar US stock futures were headed higher Wednesday as traders dive into a new month looking for an upbeat December market despite lingering questions about oil prices and a weaker dollar.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower on Oil, Economy (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened down 0.29\percent on Monday with airlines, exporters and banks under\selling pressure amid growing worries about higher oil prices\and the domestic economic outlook.
LATEST FUTURES NEWS High-flying oil prices held above \$54 a barrel on Tuesday as concern lingered over the thin state of heating oil supplies ahead of the northern winter.
Aiming High Terry Shea, Carl Rundell, and Bob Busquaert have  joined the Hansons-Brooks Distance Project with hopes it will help them finish the Marine Corps Marathon with times at or below 2 hours 20 minutes.
Pierce stands and delivers After a night to cool off and think about what he'd done, Paul Pierce showed up at Celtics practice yesterday and apologized to his coach and teammates for staging a very public hissy fit with coach Doc Rivers late in Wednesday's game. Rivers accepted the mea culpa, said the two would talk before tonight's game with Toronto, and both men ...
No beating about the bush, Miller was Australian in excelsis The office of Australia #39;s longest-serving prime minister Sir Robert Menzies was famously decorated by two framed images. One was a painting by Tom Roberts, capturing the austere, sun-blasted beauty of a bush
Sunflower oil boost to car future UK scientists develop a process for making hydrogen from sunflower oil which may become an important future source of eco-friendly energy.
For Long Beach Locals, the Season to Reclaim the Sand Local residents of Long Beach, N.Y., are reclaiming their chip of paradise after being thwarted all summer by the crowds.
Braves' Hudson Excited to Join Rotation (AP) AP - Tim Hudson was a high school junior in 1991 when John Smoltz pitched the Atlanta Braves to their first division title in nine years. Now that he will join Smoltz in the Atlanta rotation, Hudson hopes to help the Braves finish atop the division for an unprecedented 14th straight season.
Tobacco regulation deleted from corporate tax bill WASHINGTON - A major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a nasty trade dispute with Europe won approval Wednesday from congressional negotiators after House Republicans beat back efforts to increase regulation of tobacco.
The Rouse Co. sold for \$12.6 billion General Growth Properties is going mall shopping, as it announced plans Friday to buy shopping mall owner The Rouse Co.
ITAR-Tass: Totmianina suffered concussion in skating fall Totmianina fell to the ice at the event in Pittsburgh on Saturday when her partner Maxim Marinin was performing a one-handed lift.
IBM settles pension suit, take charge International Business Machines (IBM) has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of \$320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said Wednesday.
German Recovery to Grow at Slower Pace (AP) AP - Germany's economic recovery will continue at a slower pace than expected, an economics institute said Tuesday as it lowered its 2005 growth forecast to 1.4 percent from 2.1 percent.
SANDISK Introduces High Performance Flash Memory Cards SanDisk Corporation (NASDAQ:SNDK) yesterday introduced the worlds fastest flash memory cards - the SanDisk Extreme III line of CompactFlash SD and Memory Stick PRO digital film cards.
#39;Electronic eye #39; helps blind across the road An electronic  quot;artificial eye quot;, developed for people with impaired vision, has been shown to reliably identify pedestrian crossings, determine when it is safe to walk across and even measure the width of a road.
Week 6: Sunday Stud Our Week 6 candidates for Sunday Stud include Jeff Garcia, who led the Cleveland Browns to a 34-17 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals, and Clinton Portis, who rushed for 171 yards to help the Redskins break their four-game losing streak.
Oil Below \$45 as Gasoline Prices Slide Oil prices were dragged down today by heavy losses on U.S. gasoline as summer driving demand failed to meet expectations.
Revenge of the spammed Lycos claims to have come up with a novel solution to spam by letting the public get their revenge on the spammers. The company has developed a downloadable screensaver which generates traffic on the websites of known spammers.
CEOs resignation a surprise Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia made an unexpected change at the top yesterday, saying that Sharon Patrick, the company #39;s president and chief executive and a close friend of Stewart #39;s, has resigned
U.S. Officials Point to Promise Of Session on Arab Democracy The Bush administration, responding to negative reviews of an international conference on Middle East democracy last week in Morocco, said that the event provided a platform for human rights and other nongovernmental groups in the Arab world.
UPDATE 4-Krispy Kreme profit plunges, stock hammered Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.(KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled that business may not recover any
Athletics: A satisfying double distance twist ATHENS Nawal el-Moutawakel, the first Moroccan to win an Olympic gold medal, was in the mixed zone, avoiding interviews as deftly as she used to avoid hurdles, but then tonight el-Moutawakel was a fan instead of a star.
Philadelphia Plan Would Give WiFi Access to the Whole City Forget finding an Internet cafe. For less than what it costs to build a small library, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hot spot.
Larkin Homers As Reds Beat Pirates 5-1 (AP) AP - Barry Larkin homered in his final at-bat on a noteworthy night  #151; perhaps one of his last in a Cincinnati Reds uniform  #151; and got a curtain call that capped a 5-1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night.
Facing Iran, With Europe FOR THE SECOND time in a year, European foreign ministers are close to striking an interim deal with Iran over its nuclear program.
Israel's Sharon Wins Crucial Likud Vote -Official  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party voted on Thursday in favor of his bid to bring the  opposition Labour party into government, officials said.
Bounty-hunter plays to gallery in Kabul KABUL - A bounty hunter accused of running a private torture chamber has gone on trial in Kabul claiming he could not get a fair hearing because the FBI had confiscated vital evidence and locked it in the American Embassy.
Clarke says prince is old fashioned Education Secretary Charles Clarke accused the Prince of Wales of being  quot;old-fashioned and out of time quot; after details emerged that the heir to the throne believes that the schools system offers pupils too much aspiration and refuses to admit failures.
Cisco PIX Source Code Held at Gunpoint The sourcecode to Ciscos industry leading PIX firewall system was recently stolen and put up for sale by malicious hackers under the guise of The Source Code Club.
XM Satellite Unveils Online Music Service XM Satellite Radio Holding Inc. on Wednesday said it would launch a commercial-free, Internet music service in early October. With XM Radio Online, subscribers will be able to listen to the
Modest Growth Seen for Calif. Economy - UCLA Study California #39;s economy will grow at a modest pace this year in an uneven recovery that will chip away at an unemployment rate projected to remain higher than the national average, according to a closely watched economic forecast
Focus brings US vaulters gold and silver  quot;When I vault, I don #39;t think about winning and I don #39;t think about losing, quot; Mack said.  quot;I just think about two things: the bar and using my arms.
Israel urged to clear way for Palestinian vote Palestinians called crucial to the success of a ballot to choose a successor to the late Yasser Arafat. Middle East envoy William Burns told reporters on Sunday in the West Bank city of Ramallah.
Security researchers say JPEG virus imminent Trojan horse that exploits flaw in how Windows handles JPEG images may be low risk, but it's a bad omen.
Consumer Spending Up Following June Decline Shoppers spent more freely in July as consumer spending rose slightly, though tepid growth in personal income raised concern about whether the trend will continue.
New NASA Supercomputer to Aid Theorists and Shuttle Engineers (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA researchers have teamed up with a pair of Silicon Valley firms to build \  a supercomputer that ranks alongside the world's largest Linux-based systems.
Markets sink amid warnings, rising oil prices Stock markets traded lower this afternoon as the price of crude oil shot up on the latest US supply report while investors were frustrated at a series of corporate earnings disappointments, warnings and downgrades.
Stocks to watch Friday Texas Instruments rises on a \$1B stock buyback; investors will keep an eye on consumer sentiment. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Major Wall Street indexes are likely to finish the week flat, but Friday could provide
Shiver Me Timbers! Brazil Full of PC Pirates --Study (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil should end the year at\the top of the list of countries with the highest rate of\pirated personal computers in its market, outranking China for\the first time, according to a study released on Thursday.
Kellogg Quarterly Earnings Top Estimates Kellogg Co. (KN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest cereal maker, on Monday reported a quarterly profit that exceeded Wall Street estimates and raised its full-year earnings
Chelsea strike for the jugular (AFP) AFP - Chelsea's drive to claim the club's first English title in half a century gathered pace as Newcastle were blown away by four memorable late goals at Stamford Bridge.
Summary Box: Leaner Budget, Stubborn Debt (AP) AP - SEEING RED: The government deficit is so big that the just-passed  #36;388 billion bill financing almost every federal agency in 2005 could be eliminated and there would still be red ink.
Code to exploit Windows graphics flaw now public Well, if you haven #39;t patched your PC yet, now is the time. A sample program hit the Internet on Wednesday, showing by example how malicious coders could compromise Windows computers by using a flaw in the
Polls open in Australian general election with contenders in dead heat (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SYDNEY, Australia (AP) - Australian Prime Minister John Howard and his Labour party challenger were in a virtual dead heat as voting began Saturday in a general election, with voters focusing on the economy and social programs more than Howard's decision to send troops to Iraq.
Consumer confidence still strong Consumer confidence among Arizonans remained stronger in October than in the rest of the nation, but the outlook six months from now is much less promising, according to a statewide survey that was released today.
Suns #39; sleight of hand puts Storm #39;s Jackson off her game UNCASVILLE, Conn. - Hands on her hips, her shoulders slightly pinched forward, Seattle #39;s Lauren Jackson stood stoically in front of her bench, waiting through the seemingly interminable commercials before the start of the second half.
Victory makes balanced Crimson beam A shutout victim in its meeting last year with Harvard, which put up 27 points, Cornell yesterday was determined to stop the Crimson's explosive tailback, sophomore Clifton Dawson, and his streak of nine games with 100 or more rushing yards.
Great White Sharks Given New Protection Trade in great white sharks would be restricted under a proposal adopted at a UN wildlife conference today, despite criticism that there is little evidence suggesting the fearsome ocean predators are threatened by commercial trade.
High-Resolution Cameras Set Out to Win the Megapixel Competition The latest trend in digital photography is ultra-high-resolution fixed-lens cameras. The digital-camera manufacturers are constantly trying to outdo one another, in much the same way that CPU
Beach Boy Brian Wilson Has Reason to Smile at Last &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Angus MacSwan&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - Considering that once upon atime he would spend weeks on end lying in bed at home inCalifornia too addled to stir, it's a surprise to find rocklegend Brian Wilson topping the bill at a festival in far awayBrazil at age 62.&lt;/p&gt;
Ford duo keep leader Loeb at bay Ford duo Francois Duval and Markko Martin crept ahead of world championship leader Sebastien Loeb after day one of the Rally of Corsica.
Schilling focused on 20th SEATTLE -- So, Curt Schilling , what do you do after you reach the threshold of your third 20-win season in four years and your first for the Red Sox, who signed you out of junior college 18 years earlier?
Leskanic winning arms race With Scott Williamson bracing for a potentially grim diagnosis of his latest elbow injury, the Red Sox last night appeared poised to move on without him as Curtis Leskanic inched closer to rejoining the club. The Sox initially indicated they would make an announcement last night on Williamson's injury but changed their position during the first inning of the game ...
Yankees Win Controversial Game Against Devil Rays (Reuters) Reuters - Alex Rodriguez drove in three runs and\Orlando Hernandez pitched seven strong innings to guide the New\York Yankees past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-4 in the American\League Monday.
Braves force fifth game CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Houston Astros blew a 5-2 lead to lose for the first time at home in 20 games, a crucial defeat that forced a fifth game finale in Atlanta on Monday.
This week, 4 Guantanamo detainees to be arraigned GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba -- The first Guantanamo detainees to be arraigned on terrorism charges are an alleged Al Qaeda accountant, a poet accused of crafting terrorist propaganda, a man accused of being a driver for Osama bin Laden and an
Europe leaders lavish with faint praise GEORGE Bush #39;s closest allies in Europe greeted his re-election as a boost to the war on Islamic extremism but most European leaders barely managed to conceal the sense of disappointment they shared with most of the public across the continent.
Khan hits back for India Paceman Zaheer Khan has hit back for India, taking the key wicket of Australia #39;s prolific opener Matthew Hayden two overs after lunch on day three of the third Test in Nagpur.
Reds pick up Casey #39;s option At season #39;s end there was a lot of talk about the possibility of Sean Casey being traded. That notion became extremely unlikely on Friday afternoon when Reds general
Cubs scratch out a win MONTREAL -- If this were gymnastics, the Cubs would get low scores from the judges for awkward form at times in Wednesday night #39;s 2-1 victory in 11 innings over the Montreal Expos.
Jobless Claims Up Less Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans lining up to  claim an initial week of jobless aid rose less than expected  last week, according to a report on Thursday that the Labor  Department said was unaffected by recent hurricanes.
Florida braces itself for Hurricane Jeanne For Florida, the hurricane season from hell gets more hellish. Charley, Frances and Ivan - and now Jeanne, a major storm that is due to barrel into the south-eastern part of the state tomorrow.
SCO Posts Q3 Loss as Legal Costs Mount Unix vendor SCO Group (Quote, Chart), in the midst of copyright infringement lawsuits over parts of Linux, reported a net loss of \$7.
300 Palestinian captives resume hunger strike after two day &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Some 300 Palestinian captives in the Israeli jail of Ashkelon on Monday resumed their open-ended hunger strike after suspending it for two days.
Dell touts in-home services Dell offers to install its PCs, televisions and networks, and provide extra phone support for stopping viruses and spyware.
Israel Bus Blast Said Mechanical Problem (AP) AP - An Israeli bus exploded in a Jerusalem neighborhood early Sunday, but officials said the blast had been caused by a mechanical problem. There were no injuries.
Bush Accuses Kerry of New Contradictions on Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush accused Democrat\John Kerry on Monday of ""new contradictions of his old\positions on Iraq"" and defended the U.S.-led invasion a day\before addressing skeptical world leaders at the United
Forecasters face losing key tools Microwave frequencies vital for Earth monitoring are being lost to commercial uses, weather forecasters say.
Construction Spending Hits All-Time High WASHINGTON - Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.    The Commerce Department reported Friday that the value of buildings put in place clocked in at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of \$1.02 trillion, a record high...
Visteon offers as much as year #39;s pay in buyout Visteon Corp., the second-biggest US maker of auto parts, is offering buyouts of as much as a year #39;s pay to US salaried workers to help cut costs.
Afghan Warlord's Ouster Prompts Violence (AP) AP - Demonstrators broke into a U.N. compound in the western city of Herat on Sunday, a day after the Afghan government fired the city's warlord governor.
CA ex-CEO Kumar loses perks after indictment SAN FRANCISCO - Computer Associates International Inc. has revoked perks, including office space and home security services, that it handed out to former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Sanjay Kumar after he left the company last month.
Judge Reduces Jail Time for Calderon (AP) AP - A judge on Wednesday reduced the time former President Rafael Angel Calderon must spend in jail while being investigated on corruption charges.
Mystery meteors slice sky tonight Scientists disagree on the origins of the annual Geminid shower but agree that conditions this year favor a spectacular show. Shooting stars of mysterious origin promise a spectacular sky-show tonight for
Sinopec Profit Jumps on China Oil Demand  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Asia's top oil refiner, state-run  Sinopec Corp., said on Monday its second-quarter net profit  almost doubled as China's fast-growing economy consumed more  fuel and crude oil prices climbed.
SAP, Infineon unveil RFID management system The new platform is designed to help companies speed the deployment of smart-tag systems and cut the costs of managing both hardware and software components from several suppliers.
Mariners #39; Suzuki Gets Two Hits to End Season With Record 262 Ichiro Suzuki singled twice for the Seattle Mariners in a 3-0 loss to the Texas Rangers, extending his Major League Baseball season record for hits to 262 on the campaign #39;s final day.
Illinois Takes Top Ranking in AP Poll (AP) AP - Illinois took an unusual route to the top of The Associated Press' men's college basketball poll.
Microsoft Sues Alleged Software Pirates As part of its fight against software piracy, Microsoft has filed lawsuits against eight resellers for allegedly buying and selling fake and used Certificate of Authenticity labels, the company says.
Archer Daniels Midland Net Rises on Soy Processing (Update4) Archer Daniels Midland Co., the world #39;s largest grain processor, said fiscal first-quarter profit rose 77 percent on improved results from sales of soy products, corn-based fuel and agricultural services.
Sara Lee Affirms Profit Forecast of \$1.61 to \$1.71 a Share Sara Lee Corp. reaffirmed its forecast for fiscal full-year profit of \$1.61 to \$1.71 a share. That includes first-quarter profit of 39 cents to 44 cents a share.
Official: No evidence Arafat was poisoned Ramallah, West Bank -- A top Palestinian official said Saturday there is no evidence that Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat, but he called for an investigation into the cause of death of the Palestinian leader.
Movie studios take sides in fight over DVD formats (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. That's OK. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.
Filmmakers Examining the 'What Ifs' of Nuclear Power Documentaries on the effects on children of the Chernobyl nuclear accident and the Indian Point power plant will be broadcast back-to-back by HBO.
Fifteen years after the fall On November 9, 1989, jubilant Germans breached the ugly concrete wall that separated East and West Berlin. Soon the Wall began to disappear piece by piece, visible evidence the Cold War was over.
Korean Olympic Team Files Petition with CAS Koreas Olympic delegation filed a petition on Saturday, appealing for a correction of a scoring error committed during Yang Tae-youngs performance in mens gymnastics with the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), Shin Bak-je, the headperson of
US Recognizes Yukos Right for Court Protection Boucher, asked during the press briefing whether the US government planned to get involved in the case, said, In terms of reaction, I think Id just have to say that Yukos management has the right to pursue any legal remedies it determines are in
Crude oil futures rise ahead of long layoff Crude oil futures rose yesterday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
Microsoft, Amazon file phishing, spamming lawsuits SEPTEMBER 28, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. today said they have filed one joint and several separate lawsuits against companies and individuals accusing them of trying to defraud
Blast at Thai fireworks factory kills 14 BANGKOK - Fourteen people were killed and five injured yesterday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s ancient capital Ayuthya, officials and witnesses said.
Earthquake hit Indonesia, killing 11 and injuring 65 A heavy quake rocked Indonesia #39;s Papua province killing at least 11 people and wounding 75. The quake destroyed 150 buildings, including churches, mosques and schools.
Falcons #39; Dunn is OK, team reports Falcons running back Warrick Dunn, who did not return to Sunday #39;s win over the Panthers after suffering a cramp in his hamstring in the third quarter, does not appear to be seriously injured.
Zook wary of hook Bad weeks happen to everybody. But Florida coach Ron Zook can retire the award for the season. All that happened to Zook, who had to endure the sting of a fireronzook.com website in his first season replacing Steve Spurrier as Gators coach, was a confrontation in a fraternity house, a lukewarm vote of confidence by the school president, and a ...
Florida backers excited about hiring University of Florida fans not only enjoyed the school #39;s hiring of Utah #39;s Urban Meyer as coach, but some took a bit of delight in beating Notre Dame for his services.
RIAA Sues Another 762 Over File-Sharing Total number of suits filed by the music industry since 2003 exceeds 5500.
Taser insiders sold \$68 million of stock in a week Taser International Inc. #39;s chairman, two co-founders and five other insiders sold more than \$68 million of their stock between Nov. 5 and Nov. 11, regulatory filings show.
Smith to restore the Stein dynasty THE imminent appointment of Walter Smith as the national manager will restore to influence the dynasty which stretches all the way back to Jock Stein.
EU's Solana Heads for Darfur, May Offer AU Funding  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana  heads for Africa on Friday where he is likely to announce a  contribution of more than 100 million euros to an African Union  force in Sudan's Darfur region, an EU diplomat said.
Bomb Threats Mar Start of Indonesia Election Campaign Bomb scares marked the start of campaigning for Indonesia #39;s presidential run-off on Tuesday, five days after a suicide attack on the Australian embassy, but bread and butter issues appeared uppermost in voter #39;s minds.
Kingsway grad dealt to Oakland by Braves Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane must like former Kingsway Regional High School left-hander Dan Meyer an awful lot. The highly-regarded GM traded ace right-hander and two-time American
Habana scores two tries as Springboks outplay Scots 45-10 in rugby Bryan Habana scored two intercept tries in his first start and Jaco van der Westhuyzen collected a try and three drop goals Saturday as Tri Nations champion South Africa outplayed Scotland 45-10 at Murrayfield.
Somerfield puts bite on rivals Supermarket chain Somerfield is to take control of more than half of Scotland #39;s Safeway branches. They are being sold by the company #39;s new owner Morrisons as part of a 260m deal.
Carrier, union OK tentative labor pact The union representing 6,000 reservation and customer service agents at US Airways yesterday reached a tentative agreement on a new labor contract, just as attorneys for the airline were seeking
Ferrari Dominates in Shanghai In the end, the winner was a man behind the wheels of a Ferrari, just not the Ferrari driver whom tens of thousands of Chinese had come to see.
European Commission restarts clock on Oracle-Peoplesoft BRUSSELS -- The European Commission has restarted its investigation into Oracle Corp.'s hostile bid to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. and will issue its judgement by early November at the latest, it said on Thursday.
American woman, Afghan girl die in Kabul An American woman and a young Afghan girl have died from their wounds after a suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital of Kabul. A Taliban suicide fighter blew himself up in the attack.
Arafat Has Liver Failure, Officials Say Yasser Arafat lay critically ill with liver failure on Sunday and his condition was getting no better, a Palestinian official said, as Palestinian leaders adopted in his absence a plan to restore order in their areas.
Google pens agreement with libraries New York: Popular internet search engine Google has reached an agreement with four universities and one public library to scan their books and make them available the digitised contents of the same, aiming to challenge competitors Yahoo and Microsoft.
Foreigners flee Ivory Coast The United Nations and France have begun mass evacuations of UN staff and foreign nationals following days of violence and looting in Ivory Coast, a UN spokesman said.
NetContinuum Debuts Web-Services And Web-App Firewall NetContinuum, a leading provider of application firewalls, today announced that it is integrating the leading Web-services firewall, Forum Systems #39; XWall, into its flagship Application Security Gateway product.
Zawahri Urges Muslims to Hit U.S., Allies' Interests  DUBAI (Reuters) - Senior al Qaeda official Ayman  al-Zawahri, in a purported audio tape aired Friday, urged  Muslims to set up an organized resistance to hit the interests  of ""crusader America"" and its allies throughout the world.
Vioxx: How Safe Is FDA Approval? The problems with Vioxx, taken off the market last week, raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process. Observers say longer clinical trials should be required.
PGA overhauls system for Ryder Cup points With the US team coming off its worst loss in the 77-year history of the Ryder Cup, it was expected the PGA of America would make some significant changes to its point-selection system.
PalmOne/Microsoft Deal Not Good For Good NEW YORK - Microsoft and PalmOne today announced a partnership that will likely have a negative impact on Good Technology, a well-capitalized startup with eyes on a public offering.
Ex-CIA Chief Gates Warns on Cyberterror Cyberterrorism could be the most devastating weapon of mass destruction yet and could cripple the U.S. economy, former CIA Director Robert Gates said at a terrorism conference Saturday.
Bonds #39; 700 odyssey: Homer, sweet homer SAN FRANCISCO - An avid fisherman not wholly unfamiliar with watercraft, Bruce Bochy knows his trawler from his zodiac, his canoe from his kayak.
All Ords get help from gold, Dr Money THE sharemarket should take heart from US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s comment that sky-high oil prices won #39;t harm the US economy - as long as they don #39;t go any higher.
Apple unveils photo-display iPod Apple introduces an iPod capable of storing and displaying photos in an effort to stay ahead in the market for digital music players.
U.S. Open: Serena Set to Steal Spotlight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Serena Williams fashion show will  take center stage at the U.S. Open Friday as the former  champion takes on French teen-ager Tatiana Golovin for a place  in the fourth round.
3M Posts Higher Profit, Misses Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said  third-quarter earnings rose 17 percent due in part to the weak  dollar, but the diversified manufacturer's results came in  below Wall Street's estimates for the first time in at least  seven quarters.
Australia unlikely to sign non-aggression pact with ASEAN &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Friday that Australia is unlikely to sign a non-aggression treaty with the members of the Association of SoutheastAsian Nations (ASEAN).
Season over for Clijsters Belgian Kim Clijsters will spend the rest of the season on the sidelines because of a new injury to her wrist. The 21-year-old injured her left wrist at the Belgian Open but doctors said it is not as serious
Novell rejoins desktop fight, with Linux as ally Looking to tap into discontent with Microsoft, Novell is set to deliver this week a package of Linux-based software for the PC that includes Office-like productivity applications, along with e-mail and Web browsing programs.
Image flaw exposes Windows PCs Computer users could be open to attack from malicious hackers because of the way that Windows displays some images. Microsoft has issued a warning about a critical vulnerability in Windows that could let carefully
Optus and Vodafone to share 3G network (FT.com) FT.com - Optus and Vodafone have moved to counter Telstra's head start in third generation mobile services, agreeing on Thursday to build a rival second 3G network in Australia.
Pakistan Says Militants on the Run, Despite Blast (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani forces are driving al\Qaeda-linked militants out of mountains near the Afghan border\but attacks such as a bomb that wounded soldiers on Saturday\could not be ruled out, a commander said.
IBM sells PC business to China BEIJING - Lenovo Group has agreed to pay US\$1.25 billion (\$1.75 billion) for IBM #39;s personal computer business, lifting China #39;s largest PC maker to third in global rankings and giving it a globally recognised brand.
Britain Bans Fox Hunting, Brushing Off Blair Wobble  LONDON (Reuters) - Ending years of bitter argument, Britain  finally banned the centuries-old pursuit of fox hunting on  Thursday -- but only after a last-minute attempt by the  government to delay its demise until after the next election.
Favre's 200th Straight Start Is a Win Brett Favre topped 20 touchdown passes for the 11th straight season in the Green Bay Packers' rout of the St. Louis Rams on Monday night.
Prince Harry 'cheated' on exam, Eton teacher claims: report (AFP) AFP - Prince Harry, the third in line to the British throne, stands accused of cheated on a finishing exam at the prestigious Eton College.
Martin, the asphalt master ominant in Corsica, Markko Martin confirmed the Ford Focus #39; dominance on asphalt. The Estonian wins the 40th edition of the Rally Catalunya, followed by Marcus Gronholm in second place and Carlos Sainz in third position.
Nortel hires Accenture to revamp financial organization TORONTO - Nortel Networks said Friday it has hired consulting firm Accenture to help it revamp its financial organization. Accenture will review elements of Nortel Networks global finance organization and
Ivory Coast MPs discuss key laws Ivory Coast's parliament start to debate proposed laws which lie at the heart of the two-year conflict.\&lt;/b&gt;
Intel Shelves Plan to Turn Desktop Into Wi-Fi Hub  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - An ambitious plan to turn  millions of desktop computers into hubs of wireless Internet  access has been shelved after PC makers balked at the price of  the feature, Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=INTC.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday.
EU leaders trumpet historic new constitution (AFP) AFP - EU leaders signed a historic constitution for the expanding bloc in a fanfare ceremony on the spot where the European Union's forerunner was born, although doubts remain over whether it will ever come into force.
Motorola Expects Strong Sales in 2nd Half  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  second-largest mobile phone maker, said on Tuesday it expects  to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004 on  new handsets, sparking a 4.7 percent jump in its shares.
ATP St. Petersburg Sunday results *Mikhail Youzhny became the 10th champion of the St. Petersburg Open after an impressive win over Karol Beck on Sunday. *In a baseline battle, the crowds favorite Youzhny needed one hour and two minutes to close out the match 6-2, 6-2.
Central Bank Comments on China Aviation Singapore authorities said Thursday China Aviation Oil #39;s US\$550 million losses in oil gambles could have happened  quot;in any other financial center quot; and said it had no plans to overhaul its corporate reporting and disclosure standards.
Boeing in \$7.5 bn deal with SIA SIA receives offers from both Airbus (the A330-200)  amp; Boeing (the 7E7) for its regional routes. Singapore Airlines (SIA) yesterday said it would buy up to 31 long-range Boeing 777s in an order worth up to
SBC lowers projected cost of fiber buildout NEW YORK SBC Communications is lowering the projected cost of its program to bring fiber-optic cables to the edge of most neighborhoods.
Crew remain on top of things The Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to an MLS record 14 games in a season with a 1-0 win over visiting D.C. United last night. First-place Columbus (11-5-10) clinched at least a second-place finish in the Eastern Conference and maintained its four-point lead over the MetroStars.
Travel Web Sites Agree to Be Accessible to Blind By MICHAEL GORMLEY    ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired...
Dollar sinks after Greenspan remarks, gold up in Europe LONDON - The US dollar sank Friday in European trading after US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warned of the dangers of America #39;s growing trade deficit and the chance the imbalance could eventually depress foreign demand for the greenback.
IDC Forum: Why IT matters PARIS -- IT commoditization? Asian threat? Crippling viruses? Speakers at IDC's European IT Forum 2004 in Paris didn't have to look far for contentious issues.
Death toll 55 in southwest China flooding BEIJING -- Rescuers in southwest China sought help from the military Monday as they searched for dozens of people missing in torrential floods.
Azeri in a Breeders' Cup Classic Gamble  GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas (Reuters) - Azeri, Horse of the Year  in 2002 and a near certainty for the Distaff Race in the  Breeders' Cup at Lone Star Park Saturday, is to run instead in  the tougher but much more prestigious \$4 million Classic.
Microsoft wants to improve your image New imaging software is making eyes at those squinty camera-phone pictures.
Halliburton Co suffers loss HOUSTON, OCTOBER26: Hallburton Co. swung to a loss in the third quarter due to \$230 million in charges to pay for a settlement of asbestos claims.
Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Miracle Blesses eBay Virgin Mary Grilled Cheese Miracle Blesses eBay\\A partially eaten piece of a grilled cheese sandwich has become the most talked about item on eBay over the past week, bringing in bids of almost \$19,000. Don't get me wrong, this is not ordinary grilled cheese sandwich. You see, it's a miracle. ...
Stove burns hot in Seattle The Mariners, who as a collective organization said to anyone who would listen that they wouldn #39;t stand for another 99-loss season or anything resembling it, have put their money where their mouth is.
Great year for Mickelson ending on a sour note Phil Mickelson has a green jacket in his closet to remind him this has been a great year. It just might not seem that way right now.
For Petrino, all that #39;s at stake is his legacy So the slot machine stopped and flashed three cardinals. The University of Louisville is a winner. It gets to keep what it already possesses: football coach Bobby Petrino.
Maldives political reforms cosmetic - opposition (Reuters) Reuters - The chief political opponent of Maldives President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom on Friday accused Asia's longest serving ruler of continuing to stifle democracy despite his pledges of reform.
Two Palestinians killed in Gaza Two Palestinians have been killed in Gaza, apparently when explosives they were carrying were set off.
Al-Zarqawi group kidnaps one Japanese The organization of  quot;Qaida al-Jihad in the Mesopotamia quot; which is led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi said it had kidnapped one member of the Japanese forces in Iraq and threatened to execute him if Tokyo will not withdraw its forces from Iraq within 48 hours.
Boeing, EADS Likely to Make Tanker Bids The Pentagon will hold a competition to replace its aging fleet of refueling tankers, potentially pitting aerospace giant Boeing Co. against its European rival in a multibillion-dollar military competition.
Poor Defenders Some anti-spyware companies use confusing ads, and our tests show their \$20-\$60 products are less effective than free competitors.
Giants Match 2004 Win Total Tiki Barber ran for 122 yards and a touchdown and Steve Christie kicked four field goals, leading the Giants past the Dallas Cowboys for their fourth victory.
Investment Group Raises Bid for Shipper  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Buyout firm Fortress Investment Group  on Monday raised its offer for Stelmar Shipping Ltd. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SJH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SJH.N&lt;/A&gt; by  about 4 percent to \$703 million, but Stelmar's founder said he  still intends to vote against the deal.
Oil Prices Steady Above  #36;45 a Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices steadied above  #36;45 a\barrel on Thursday, attempting to put a floor under a 7.4\percent tumble after a big increase in U.S. heating oil stocks\eased worries of a winter supply squeeze.
Nortel upgrades communication technology Networking provider upgrades a slew of products so large companies can better connect their workers.
Priest Who Disrupted Olympics in Abuse Trial  LONDON (Reuters) - A former Irish priest famous for stunts  that disrupted the marathon at the Athens Olympics and  Britain's Grand Prix denied charges on Wednesday of indecency  with a schoolgirl.
At least 59 die in co-ordinated rebel attacks on Iraqi police Guerrillas bombed a Baghdad shopping street full of police recruits and fired on a police van north of the capital Tuesday in attacks that killed at least 59 people and struck at the heart of the US strategy for fighting Iraq #39;s escalating
Ask Jeeves Launches Personalized Web Search Service (Reuters) Reuters - Ask Jeeves Inc. , the\third-biggest U.S. Web search provider, late on Monday unveiled\MyJeeves, a new product that helps users personalize their\Internet searches.
Kazmir dazzles in D-Rays debut Scott Kazmir #39;s big league debut was everything Mets fans had dreamed about since the day he was drafted in the first round two years ago.
Eriksson seems to have strength in depth in all positions England are sitting pretty and well on the way to World Cup qualification after beating Wales - and with the added bonus of new options opening up for Sven-Goran Eriksson all the time.
Mobile cash points coming soon Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
Edwards Denounces New Overtime Rules WASHINGTON - In blasting new overtime rules that take effect Monday, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards says he can't understand why the Bush administration wants to undermine a system that rewards workers who toil long hours.   ""If you work hard, then you should be rewarded for that effort,"" Edwards said Saturday in the Democrats' weekly radio address...
Rockets rain, truck bomb found ahead of Afghan vote (AFP) AFP - Rockets rained on Afghan cities and military posts and a huge truck bomb was seized as the war-weary nation prepared for Saturday's historic presidential elections under the threat of further militant attacks.
No. 24 Texas-El Paso Clinches Bowl Berth (AP) AP - Jordan Palmer threw for 339 yards and five touchdowns and No. 24 Texas-El Paso beat SMU 57-27 Saturday night to clinch a bowl berth in coach Mike Price's first season running the formerly downtrodden program.
NYSE Traders Go Wireless with Help of IBM  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Stock Exchange and  International Business Machines Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  introduced a new wireless system that will ensure more  efficient processing and tracking of stock trades.
Former CA CEO Charged with Fraud Former Computer Associates International Inc. on chief executive Sanjay Kumar was charged on Wednesday with securities fraud and obstruction of justice stemming from a
Economy Grows at 3.7 Percent Annual Rate The US economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter - a pace that was slightly better than in the spring but not as strong as many analysts expected.
Sox say Schilling to pitch in Game 6, if there is one Curt Schilling #39;s gimpy right ankle, which still could alter the course of this World Series, caused Schilling to limp across the clubhouse yesterday, one day after the Red Sox ace led Boston to the 6-2 win in Game 2.
White salutes Van der Westhuyzen South Africa coach Jake White praised fly-half Jaco van der Westhuyzen after his try-scoring contribution in the 45-10 win over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Red Sox Fans Exult at End of World Series 'Curse' (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of bleary-eyed Red Sox fans\showed up for work on Thursday still stunned and giddy after a\night of celebrating something many thought impossible: a World\Series victory for baseball's perennial also-rans that put an\end to an 86-year-old curse.
Newcastle to unveil Souness today Souness resigned from Blackburn Rovers yesterday after informing his players of the decision on the morning before training. Souness said:  quot;I #39;m sad to be leaving but I #39;m excited.
Turkish Parliament Fails to Pass Reforms ANKARA, Turkey Sept. 18, 2004 - Turkey #39;s parliament adjourned Saturday without passing a key reform package because of divisions over the government #39;s proposal to make adultery a crime, bringing warnings
Damage at Kennedy Space Center from Frances KENNEDY SPACE CENTER No storm in history has done more damage to the Kennedy Space Center than Hurricane Frances did. Officials at the Florida facility say the storm tore about a-thousand exterior panels from the Vehicle Assembly Building.
Alcoa in group buying Australia pipeline for \$1.3B Alcoa Inc. is part of a three-company consortium that will buy a major natural-gas pipeline in Australia for \$1.3 billion. The consortium, which includes Diversified Utility  amp; Energy Trusts (DUET) and Alinta
Pain in store after major drug recall As many as 15,000 New Zealanders will be forced to find an alternative form of pain relief after the worldwide recall of the drug Vioxx, which has been found to double the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
El Paso gas traders have date with judge today Three or four former El Paso natural gas traders who had been told they #39;re targets of a criminal investgation are expected to make an appearance before a US magistrate judge at 2 pm today.
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004, at least 1,229 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 957 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians.
India ; India withdraws around 3000 troops from Kashmir India News, JAMMU, India - India pulled out around 3,000 troops from Kashmir Saturday in a planned withdrawal of army units from the region, officials said, as the peace process between New Delhi and Islamabad came under strain this week.
Google's New Program Searches Hard Drives (AP) AP - Online search engine leader Google Inc. is setting its sights on the computer desktop with a new software program that promises to scour through the clutter of documents, e-mails, instant messages and other files stored on hard drives.
GTA latest to sell 25m Tinsel town has leant its magic to a new video game with a Hollywood cast and an 18 certificate. The eagerly awaited PlayStation 2 Grand Theft Auto game San Andreas is expected to sell 25million copies worldwide for about 40 each.
Nets get Knicked up The Nets looked at Tuesday #39;s game as another chance to climb out of the huge hole they created for themselves with their early-season offensive struggles and prove to the Knicks that they haven #39;t overtaken them just yet.
FOOTBALL: ROONEY #39;S ALL SET TO LEAD 3-MAN STRIKEFORCE COOL kid Wayne Rooney will spearhead a three-pronged strikeforce for England against Wales today. Boss Sven-Goran Eriksson insists not even a World Cup Final would make Rooney nervous and will place Manchester
Kodak, Sun Settle Patent Case Three days after a jury found Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) had infringed on Eastman Kodak patents, the two parties settled their lawsuit out of court.
A Site for Banner Ad Freaks Most internet users try to ignore banner ads, but web designer Tari Akpodiete can't stop collecting them. She's put her collection of 15,000 ad samples online for all who care to look. By Daniel Terdiman.
Countdown to Spa. As the F1 circus leaves Hungary in Eastern Europe, the build up begins to F1s eagerly awaited return to the great Spa-Francorchamps circuit in Belgium this weekend.
N. Korea, US trade blame for delays SEOUL -- North Korea said yesterday that prospects for talks on its nuclear weapons program are getting dimmer every day and it condemned US-led naval exercises in Japanese waters as an ''ultimate war action. quot;
Kansas City Lineman Catches Heat From ND (AP) AP - All he said was, ""Jordan Black, Dallas Christian High School."" That was more than enough to upset many Notre Dame fans.
Darkhorse Dominates Tournament of Champions Heather Daly-Donofrio wasnt supposed to be in the select field of the LPGA Tournament of Champions. But the former Yale womens golf coach took full advantage of the opportunity, closing with a 2-under
Citigroup to buy First American Bank in Texas NEW YORK : Citigroup, the world #39;s biggest financial firm, said it has agreed to buy Texas-based First American Bank for an undisclosed sum.
Saddam Told Interrogators of Iran Fixation WASHINGTON - Saddam Hussein was obsessed with his status in the Arab world, dreaming of weapons of mass destruction to pump up his prestige. And even as the United States fixated on him, he was fixated on his neighboring enemy, Iran...
Bengals brace for old teammate Dillon FOXBORO, Mass.  New England Patriots running back Corey Dillon darted up the middle, bounced off one tackler, then made it a point to crash into two more defenders. It hardly mattered to Dillon that this training camp session ...
Leftwich is best on day of passing Donovan McNabb threw for 376 yards and four touchdowns to lead Philadelphia to a 34-31 overtime win at Cleveland. Minnesota #39;s Daunte Culpepper completed 24 of 30 passes for 183 yards and a touchdown to lead the Vikings to a 20-3 rout of Tennessee.
More whales dead and stranded off Australia #39;s south coast HOBART : A second pod of 17 whales has died in a mysterious mass beaching on King Island in the Bass Strait off Australia #39;s south coast following the fatal stranding of 80 whales and dolphins at the weekend.
Ruling means Hollinger can #39;t recover \$1.25 billion from execs Chicago Sun-Times owner Hollinger International saw its plan to recover \$1.25 billion from former executives crumble on Friday, as a federal judge threw out the company #39;s racketeering lawsuit against the group.
Vivendi Net Loss Widens  PARIS (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal posted a near doubling  in its first-half net loss to 1.86 billion euros (\$2.28  billion) on Tuesday, hit by currency translation losses linked  to its entertainment deal with NBC, but cellphone unit SFR  boosted profits at the operating level.
Forgotten man of DNA dies at 88 Scientists yesterday mourned Maurice Wilkins, sometimes called the forgotten man of DNA, who died in hospital on Tuesday aged 88. Wilkins, a professor at King #39;s College London, shared the 1962 Nobel prize
Amazon, Microsoft file lawsuits against spammers Seattle, September 29: Microsoft Corp and Amazon.com Inc jointly filed lawsuits against e-mail spammers and scams to get unsuspecting users to divulge credit card and account information, the two companies said on Tuesday.
Biz Supports Federal Anti-Piracy Program The record industry #39;s anti-piracy czar has given a thumbs-up to the Department of Justice #39;s Operation Digital Gridlock. The program is the federal government #39;s attempt
Canadian poolcrasher prompts tighter security ATHENS - Olympic organizers have increased security inside all sports venues today after a Canadian, whose body was emblazoned with the name of an Internet casino, climbed out of the stands and jumped off one of the boards into the pool.
GM to Pay to Settle Pollution Violations  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will pay  \$92,349 in civil fines to settle air pollution violations at a  Michigan plant, Michigan Attorney General Mike Cox said on  Thursday.
Growth, Mortality of T. Rex Gets Clearer (AP) AP - Here's a dinosaur finding that parents can appreciate: The teenage Tyrannosaurus rex typically went through an explosive growth spurt, gaining nearly 5 pounds a day.
Lewis Fires Spectacular 62 to Take Funai Lead  ORLANDO, Florida (Reuters) - JL Lewis produced a dazzling  10-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round  of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on  Thursday.
OPEC plans to discuss raising its output ceiling VIENNA OPEC oil ministers are meeting on Wednesday in Vienna to consider changes to the group #39;s formal output ceiling even as crude prices remain high despite the cartel #39;s efforts to lower them.
Mets End Losing Skid The Mets snap an 11-game losing streak while stopping the Marlins' franchise record-tying nine-game winning streak with a 4-0 victory.
Drug makers adding X-rays, MRIs to arsenal Researchers at Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc. hope to produce better drugs with medical-imaging equipment usually used to examine patients.
Microsoft Sees  #39;06 Launch of  #39;Longhorn #39; Windows Upgrade Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) on Friday made official its plans to release its next Windows upgrade in 2006, although the software will be missing one of its key features.
Levi scraps brand sale LEVI Strauss has scrapped plans to sell its Dockers brand because potential buyers would not meet the companys price for the casual clothing line.
Hungary to Withdraw Troops from Iraq by End of March Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said the Hungarian contingent will stay until elections are held in Iraq. He said it was not possible, however, for the troops to remain in the war-torn country past the March pull-out date.
Panel recommends manned mission to repair Hubbble!: World News: Washington, Dec 10 : A National Academies #39; panel has ruled out sending a robotic mission to mend the Hubble Space Telescope, citing fears that a robot might crash into Hubble instead of fixing it.
Delphi Announces Plans to Cut 8,500 Jobs in 2005 That #39;s about one percent of the total work force for the world #39;s largest automotive supplier. The Troy, Michigan-based company had set the same goal for this year and exceeded it through attrition.
Slow Job Market Greets Workers Labor Day WASHINGTON Sept. 5, 2004 - A spotty job market and stagnant paychecks cloud this Labor Day holiday for many workers, highlighting the importance of pocketbook issues in the presidential election.
Microsoft, ISV Partners Gear Up For Virtual Server 2005 Microsoft will join with ISV partners Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Computer Associates International and Veritas Software to unveil a host of management add-ons for its Virtual Server 2005, which will launch next week.
Some Venezuelan TV Channels Alter Programs (AP) AP - Some Venezuelan television channels began altering their programs Thursday, citing fears of penalties under a new law restricting violence and sexual content over the airwaves.
Hughes returns to lead in Melbourne Australian Bradley Hughes leads by four shots after round two of the Australian Masters in Melbourne. Hughes, who won here in 1993 and 1998, carded rounds of 64 and 66 for 14-under 130 to lead defending champion Robert Allenby.
Nortel Wins \$5 Million Contract for BT Virtual Call Center Nortel said that the Internet-protocol infrastructure at BT will reduce costs and boost efficiency by making it easier to operate agents across multiple sites,  quot;allowing dispersed teams to seamlessly work together as if in a single contact center location
Navy deal may create more financial problems for EDS Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) could be facing more rough waters with its \$8.8 billion U.S. Navy contract, as the IT services provider delayed release of its third-quarter results on Monday pending a review of the value of its assets used on the deal.
Wi-Fi Alliance to Announce Interim Multimedia Spec Next week, the Wi-Fi Alliance will release Wi-Fi Multimedia, or WMM, an interim standard that will provide early quality-of-service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802.
Yahoo to test desktop search com December 9, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. In a step to keep pace with chief rival Google, Yahoo plans to start testing a downloadable desktop search application in early January.
SpaceShipOne to launch again Monday Paul Allen and Burt Rutan's aircraft will try to repeat its 100km altitude feat to seal its victory for the \$10 million prize.
Salvation Army workers ring in the holiday season (November 26, 2004) - That familiar jingling at store entrances this time of year might not sound as welcoming as a Christmas carol, but the bell ringing next to those red kettles is music to the Salvation Army and the clients it serves.
PeopleSoft Defies Oracle Bid, Pursues IBM  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. will push ahead  with a new marketing alliance with IBM and other initiatives  despite a recent court ruling that bolstered Oracle Corp.'s  \$7.7-billion hostile bid to acquire the company, PeopleSoft's  CEO said on Tuesday.
Potential Sprint, Nextel merger suggests consolidating wireless industry (AFP) AFP - Sprint and Nextel were reported to be in merger discussions for a blockbuster deal that would reduce the number of major players in the US wireless industry to four.
Chinese TV Maker Sets Sights on Europe Urged on by China's government and armed with credit from state-owned banks and stock market listings, many Chinese manufacturers are going global.
Russia boosts funds for security Russia is to invest more than \$5bn extra in its security services to help combat terrorism. Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin, who announced the move, said the fight against terror would be a top budget priority in 2005.
NASA: Station #39;s Oxygen Generator Fails CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship #39;s air supply next week, NASA said Thursday.
Indian artist Husain to paint 100 pieces in one year for 22 million dollars (AFP) AFP - India's best known artist Maqbool Fida Husain has struck a deal with a millionaire businessman to give him 100 paintings for one billion rupees (21.73 million dollars) in a year's time.
Sun invites outside involvement with Java 6 Sun puts very early versions of the source code on its Web site so Java programmers could better see and participate in its development.
Wholesale Prices Rose 0.5 in November Wholesale prices increased 0.5 percent in November, reflecting the biggest jump in natural gas costs since March 2003, the Labor Department said yesterday.
An Optimistic Hiring Forecast    Chief executives in the Washington-Baltimore region are more optimistic in their hiring plans for the year ahead than are their colleagues across the nation, according to a survey released last week.
Russia Completes Construction of Nuclear Power Plant in Iran G-8 countries, consisting of the seven largest industrialized countries and Russia met regarding Iran #39;s nuclear program. Iranian Deputy Prime Minister Gulariza Aghazade, the head of Iran #39;s atomic energy program
Oracle wages proxy battle for control of PeopleSoft Oracle nominated four candidates to serve as directors of PeopleSoft #39;s board and said it would fight for control of the company at its annual meeting next year.
Antigay remarks spark EU row The European Parliament challenges conservative appointee Rocco Buttiglione.
Sony launches music players with MP3 support Sony Electronics has released the first of its digital audio players to support the popular MP3 format, marking a significant shift in its music strategy.
New Program Encourages Kids to Run Marathons By NATALIE GOTT    AUSTIN (AP) -- Ask 7-year-old John Simmons if he can run a marathon and he shyly laughs. But ask him if he can run 26.2 miles over several months and he nods yes...
Search Engine Milestones for August 2004 Notable news and announcements from the web search world during the past month.
Get the Wrong Answer, Ask Another Lawyer THE rolling upheaval in corporate governance is about to head south of the border, and Ricardo B. Salinas Pliego, one of the more prominent businessmen in Mexico, probably won't be shouting,
Venezuelan Prison Riot Kills at Least 30 (AP) AP - Inmates armed with hand grenades and guns rioted at a western Venezuela prison, killing at least 30 fellow inmates before hundreds of national guardsmen restored order, authorities said Wednesday.
Ecuador stun world champion Brazil Ecuador #39;s 1-0 win over Brazil has ended the world champions #39; unbeaten run in the region #39;s World Cup qualifying competition.
Jackson over the moon after eclipsing Sun LAUREN JACKSON yesterday completed an emotional tribute to her  quot;nan Irene quot; when she helped Seattle Storm win the WNBA title.
Holtz bids farewell as Spurrier waits in wings COLUMBIA, SC ---- As South Carolina coach Lou Holtz left the game he #39;s cherished for 33 seasons, he couldn #39;t resist poor-mouthing himself one last time.
The start of something big? CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos says start-ups and their innovative ideas are the lifeblood of Silicon Valley.
Red Sox Victory Prompts  #39;Fever #39;ish Script Rewrite LOS ANGELES (Zap2it.com) - The curse is over, and now Hollywood is reaping the rewards of the Boston Red Sox #39;s World Series victory.
A Great Phone, Tied Down NEW YORK - When it comes to selecting a wireless phone for myself to use, I have in the past been a bit of a neo-Luddite. Sure, as part of this job I get to play with all the very latest and greatest that
Intel Prepares for the future Intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
Record Labels Support Filesharing Three major record companies have signed on to a new service which will allow their music to be sold via file-swapping. The new project is an attempt to lure fans away from filesharing services which are technically
Japan Considers Sanctions Vs. N. Korea Japan on Tuesday warned it might impose sanctions against North Korea after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago.
North Carolina Stuns No. 4 Miami 31-28 Barth #39;s 42-Yard Field Goal on Final Play of Game Gives North Carolina 31-28 Upset of No. 4 Miami. North Carolina #39;s Scott Brumett (87) runs past Miami players Greg Threat (5) and Tavares Gooden (52) for a 18
Hamas Activist Survives Damascus Blast (AP) AP - A Hamas activist survived a bombing Monday that destroyed his vehicle on a Damascus street shortly after he and his family stepped out, the Palestinian militant group said.
Mexican Mob Kills Two Federal Agents (AP) AP - A crowd angry about recent child kidnappings cornered plainclothes federal agents taking photos of students at a school on Mexico City's outskirts and burned the officers alive, the latest example of mob justice in a country beset by corrupt police and high crime.
Braves' Thomson, Chipper Jones Hurt (AP) AP - Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson and cleanup hitter Chipper Jones left Saturday's game against the Chicago Cubs with injuries, just days before the NL East champions begin the playoffs.
Microsoft, Sun claim progress on interoperability deal In a conference call yesterday, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems officials touted the progress they have made in the 10-year alliance they forged in April, but they offered no major announcements.
Earnhardt reminded to keep it clean Tony Eury Sr. oversees Dale Earnhardt Jr. on the racetrack, but Sunday he extended his domain to Victory Lane. Earnhardt was unbuckling to crawl out of the No.
Anfield #39;s big three make Kop appeal Rafael Benitez, Steven Gerrard and Sami Hyypia have appealed to the Kop to inspire a reprisal of Liverpools great European performances when Olympiacos visit Anfield next month for a critical Champions League match.
Rockwell Collins Sees 2005 EPS Up 17 Pct Electronics manufacturer Rockwell Collins Inc. (COL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday gave a 2005 profit forecast that was higher than Wall Street expectations as spending on defense
Court Takes on Question of Seizing Land (AP) AP - The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to decide when governments may seize people's homes and businesses for economic development projects, a key question as cash-strapped cities seek ways to generate tax revenue.
Top-heavy matchups Seven Atlantic 10 teams are ranked in the latest Sports Network Division 1-AA poll, and four of them go head to head this weekend: No. 8 Maine plays at No. 4 Delaware and No. 12 New Hampshire is at No. 10 Villanova. In addition, No. 16 Northeastern plays at conference rival William  amp; Mary, the highest vote-getter outside the rankings.
Chemists could predict volcanos moves WASHINGTON - Monitoring the gases emitted by lava from Mount St. Helens might provide clues to future eruptions, a British volcano expert says.
On the Horizon: The Global Wireless Web (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Verizon recently announced plans to roll out its new wireless BroadbandAccess service in 14 American cities, with more to follow.
Hughes wants Blackburn Rovers Football Club job Mark Hughes is reportedly keen on becoming the new manager of Blackburn Rovers Football Club. The Ewood Park club have been looking for a new boss since Graeme Souness left for Newcastle United last week, and
Crystal Palace win season #39;s first league match Newly-promoted side Crystal Palace scored their first Premier League win of the season with a 2-0 victory over London rivals Fulham here on Monday.
What Next for Venezuela? President Hugo Chavez is riding high after his overwhelming victory in a recall vote this week, but analysts say his triumph may have limited impact on the deep economic and political problems threatening this major oil-producing country.
WWE License Acquired Fraudulently; THQ Games In Jeopardy October 19, 2004 - The Associated Press today reports on a serious scandal involving the WWE toy and game licensing that allows THQ to make and sell Smackdown and Wrestlemania titles.
Battle Continues The fan who caught Barry Bonds' 700th homer is being sued by another man who says he was the rightful owner of the prized ball.
Our kids deserve better than a Google future &lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; Can collective database licensing cure this tragedy of the commons?
Self-Healing Tech Could Boost IBM's Yield (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Designed to let processors adjust themselves dynamically in response to problems or systems demands without human intervention, the chip-morphing technology could help IBM  keep up with demand for good chips.
British tycoon wants to fly you to space Richard Branson, the British tycoon known for daredevil exploits in a speedboat, a hot-air balloon and an amphibious car, wants to take a giant leap into the final frontier -- and to give a lift out of this world to similarly intrepid paying passengers.
Ballmer on Linux, part II Initial coverage of Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s comments during an event in Singapore yesterday left the folks back at headquarters in Redmond trying to clarify things and put them in context.
Canadian flagbearer Gill bids hasty exit from Olympic judoka event (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ATHENS (CP) - Montreal's Nicolas Gill will now play the role of spectator at the Summer Games.
Time running out for Hardie: ACTU JAMES Hardie would face possible litigation if it did not ensure asbestos victims were adequately compensated, the ACTU said today.
Golf: Els rues missed putts at Dunhill Championship ST ANDREWS, Scotland, Oct 9 : Ernie Els admitted to having a few slip-ups on his third round at the Dunhill Championship which left him with a small mountain to climb in Sunday #39;s final round.
Sony Announces PS3 GPU December 07, 2004 - In an announcement made around the midnight hour earlier this morning, Sony Computer Entertainment and NVIDIA Corporation jointly confirmed that they have teamed up to create the graphics chip for Sony #39;s next videogame console.
Canada Mulls Trade Sanctions Against US Canada said on Tuesday it was considering whether to slap trade sanctions on a wide range of US imports to retaliate for Washington #39;s refusal to abandon a controversial anti-dumping law.
Brazil: Kidnapped footballer #39;s mother freed Forty-one days after her dramatic abduction, Marina Lima de Souza, the mother of Brazils brightest footballing star, has been freed.
UPDATE 1-Tendulkar not fully fit but set for test return India #39;s leading batsman Sachin Tendulkar conceded on Sunday he was not fully physically fit for Tuesday #39;s third test against Australia but added he was mentally ready for the battle.
Fringe Parties See Gains in German Vote (AP) AP - Voters in two east German states angry over high unemployment and cuts in social programs handed a rebuke Sunday to Germany's two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former Communist groups, projections showed.
Soccer: Youth brings energy to a night drained of meaning On Tuesday, Cesc Fabregas, a 17-year-old Spaniard, scored a flamboyant goal and ran the midfield so well that Arsenal thrashed Rosenborg Trondheim 5-1.
Team refuses to cool it on practice The Patriots practiced for 90 minutes early yesterday afternoon before temperatures soared past 100 degrees in the greater Phoenix area.
Protesters stone Nepal mosque after Iraq killings (Reuters) Reuters - Dozens of people threw stones at a mosque in Kathmandu and tried to set it on fire on Wednesday to protest against the killing of 12 Nepalis in Iraq.
Unisys boosts COO to CEO This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Birding Column: ""Blind"" Views of Quail and Jays Birder Mathew Tekulsky reveals the effectiveness of a concealed location for viewing birds, as he describes the behavior of quail and jays in his yard.
Oil prices retreat as US supplies rise Oil prices fell sharply Wednesday after a government report that US inventories of crude rose 3.4 million barrels last week, surprising many traders and analysts who had expected to see supplies shrink because of lingering production problems in the wake
Sun #39;s fighting chance Its plan? Attack Red Hat, use control over the operating system and the platform to disrupt competitors #39; pricing and business models, out-engineer everybody in the x86 space and use an alliance with Microsoft to fight a common enemy: IBM.
Quake rattles northern Italy A strong earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the Richter scale rocked northern Italy from the Tyrrhenian to the Adriatic seas on early on Thursday, causing panic and some damage.
Serena Williams picks China Open title Serena Williams of US holds the championship trophy after defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia in the inaugural China Open women #39;s final September 26, 2004, in Beijing.
Flash memory abounds in PalmOne #39;s Tungsten T5 OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - PalmOne Inc. Monday unveiled a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant that is designed to protect data even when the device #39;s battery dies.
Palestinian master bombmaker sentenced JERUSALEM -- An Israeli military court on Tuesday sentenced a Kuwaiti-born bombmaker to 67 consecutive life terms in jail for killing dozens of Israelis and at least five Americans.
New Hostage Deadline Set in Afghanistan Taleban-linked militants who are holding three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan say their captives #39; lives depend on whether the Kabul government can reach an agreement Monday on the kidnappers #39; demands.
Google seeks to end auction Tuesday Google Inc. wants to conclude its share auction Tuesday, setting the stage for its stock to go public Wednesday, according to a statement on its IPO (initial public offering) Web site.
All the new Media Center PCs Bill Gates is giving his big speech right now at Microsofts big Digital Entertainment Anywhere event in Los Angeles. Well have a proper report for you soon, but in the meantime we figured wed
NetSuite Debuts 10.0 NetSuite has released version 10.0 of its hosted business software, which incorporates new e-commerce, analytics and sales features.
Amazon #39;s A9 toolbar now available for Firefox Amazon.com subsidiary A9.com on Monday released a version of its Internet toolbar for the Firefox Web browser. A9 said that the toolbar, which is available for free download, will offer the same features to
Boeing and IBM join forces to gain edge at DOD To nab network-centric work at the Defense Department, Boeing Co. and IBM Corp. today announced a 10-year alliance. The two companies estimate that DOD will spend \$200 billion for ground- and space-based systems for net-centric operations.
Brown Packs Pint-Sized Wallop for Georgia (AP) AP - Thomas Brown heard the doubters long before he arrived in Athens. In fact, some of the cynics were in his hometown.
Earnhardt Bounced from Top Spot in NASCAR Standings  DAYTONA BEACH, Florida (Sports Network) - NASCAR driver  Dale Earnhardt Jr. has been fined \$10,000 for cursing during a  TV interview following his win at Talladega Superspeedway.
'Phishing' scam targets NatWest NatWest bank suspends some online banking facilities after bogus e-mails ask customers for their account details in a 'phishing' scam.
Dollar Sticks to Range Vs Yen (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar moved in narrow ranges against\the yen on Monday as option-related and exporter selling capped\the U.S. currency and traders awaited the Bank of Japan's key\corporate sentiment survey.
RP already in midst of fiscal crisis -- Arroyo FOR THE first time, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo acknowledged yesterday that the country was in a fiscal crisis, a move meant to rally the public behind her tax reform and cost-cutting measures to avert an Argentina-like financial meltdown in the
Ex-Accountant for Fannie Mae Admits Concerns Roger Barnes, who left Fannie Mae last November, said today that he had taken his concerns directly to Franklin Raines, the company's chief executive.
Open source industry challenges Gartner on Linux report This week we have seen numerous reports (a href= quot;http://www.tectonic.co.za/view.php?id=352 quot; gt;see here) in the trade press referring to Gartner UK analyst Annette Jump claiming that pre-installing Linux on PCs encourages piracy of Windows.
Wigley replaces Sturrock at Saints SOUTHAMPTON, England: English Premiership side Southampton announced yesterday the resignation of their manager Paul Sturrock - the first managerial casualty of the new season.
A timeline of McDonald #39;s CEOs _December 2002: Jack M. Greenberg retires after four years as chairman and CEO as the company struggles to emerge from a deep, two-year slump.
Padres box score a-struck out for Molina in the 6th. b-doubled for Suppan in the 6th. c-fouled out for Neal in the 6th. d-popped out for Tavarez in the 9th.
Beltran, Astros have the power HOUSTON -- The Houston Astros not only tied the National League Championship Series with a 6-5 triumph yesterday over the St. Louis Cardinals. They sent a message entering tonight's Game 5 that they have more than enough to cope with the NL's most potent offense.
Pru investors seek to vent frustration DISGRUNTLED shareholders of Prudential will this week demand urgent talks with Rob Rowley, the companys senior independent director, to express their frustration at the insurers decision to raise 1 billion in a rights issue.
Williams suffer fresh bout of road rage If Sir Frank Williams hoped a complete change of drivers for 2005 would eradicate the tensions that raged so publicly between Ralf Schumacher and Juan Pablo Montoya last season, the British team principal appears mistaken.
MPAA files first suits against movie file-swappers The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) announced on Tuesday that it has begun filing lawsuits against people who use peer-to-peer (P2P) software to trade movie files without permission over the internet.
FOOTBALL: DO THE MATHS, THIS IS A TITMUSS-T WIN GAME FOR US, BOSS WHEN Berti Vogts hands Abi Titmuss her morning muesli, I hope the old terrier has a grin from ear to ear. But I #39;d rather the Scotland boss racked up points on the table than notches on the headboard.
Oil Ends Below  #36;50 on Nigerian Cease-Fire (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices slid from record highs\above  #36;50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a\surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's\oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire with\the government.
Las Vegas Sands Prices Its IPO at \$29 Las Vegas Sands Corp. priced its initial public offering at \$29 per share Tuesday night, up dramatically from the company #39;s previous targets.
Titan on Tuesday On Tuesday, October 26, the Cassini spacecraft will approach Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan. Cassini will fly by Titan at a distance of 1,200 kilometers (745 miles) above the surface, nearly 300 times closer than the first Cassini flyby of Titan on July 3.
EBay To Acquire South Korean Auction Firm EBay Inc., which has been aggressively expanding in Asia, plans to increase its stake in South Korea's largest online auction company.
Southwest to cut flights to increase profits NEY YORK Southwest Airlines, the largest US discount carrier, said Monday that it would eliminate 88 scheduled flights and free up planes for more lucrative markets to increase revenue.
Utility computing spec takes refuge in OASIS Data Center Markup Language Organization joins XML body to broaden industry adoption.
SpaceShipOne Set for Historic 2nd Flight Monday LOS ANGELES (AFP) -- The world's first private manned spacecraft will make its second space flight in five days Monday in the final stage of its attempt to win a 10 million USD prize, organisers said.       SpaceShipOne is scheduled to take off at around 7:00 am (1400 GMT) and blast out of the earth's atmosphere just over an hour later in its quest for the Ansari X Prize purse, aimed at spurring a new era of commercial space travel...
Clemens awarded seventh Cy Young No matter where he goes, the Cy Young Award always seems to find Roger Clemens, who was halfway around the globe and just off a Japanese bullet train when learning yesterday that he #39;d won
NFL Extends CBS, Fox Broadcast Rights in \$8 Billion Deal The National Football League on Monday said it will extend broadcast rights for television networks CBS and FOX to air Sunday afternoon football games through 2011 in deals worth a combined \$8 billion.
Delta Pilots Take Pay Cut as Bankruptcy Looms Description: Delta Airline pilots agree to a 32 percent pay cut to help the airline avoid bankruptcy. Analysts say it #39;s not yet clear whether those cuts will be enough to put Delta back in the black.
Van Persie Saves Arsenal; Man Utd Loses 2-0 An injury-time goal by Dutch substitute Robin van Persie saved Arsenal from a second successive defeat on Saturday, earning the champions a 2-2 home draw with Southampton.
Water of Life and Other Scientific Highlights of 2004 Science judged that the runner-up to the discovery of water on Mars was the finding of another species of dwarf human which lived on the remote Indonesian island of Flores as little as 13,000 years ago.
Microsofts Latest Plan for TV TELEVISION has been something of a great white whale for the Microsoft Corporation. The company has tried to sell WebTV and build software for TV #39;s and cable boxes.
Strong Quake Jolts Northern Japan, Felt in Tokyo (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful earthquake with a preliminary\magnitude of 6.0 jolted northern Japan on Wednesday, national\broadcaster NHK said. The quake was also felt in Tokyo.
South Korea to explain uranium experiments at IAEA meetings this month (AFP) AFP - South Korean officials will meet with the UN nuclear watchdog this month to explain about controversial uranium enrichment tests conducted four years ago, Foreign Minister Ban Ki-Moon said.
Good news:  #39;Phishing #39; scams net only \$500 million The online cons known as  quot;phishing quot; have cost US consumers \$500 million, according to a study released Wednesday. In addition, the study found that three-quarters of wired Americans have noticed an increase
Justices Agree to Hear Case on Sharing of Music Files The Supreme Court, accepting urgent pleas from the recording and film industries, agreed on Friday to decide whether the online services that enable copyrighted songs
Muslims Asked to Concentrate on Righteous Deeds JEDDAH, 16 October 2004 - Sheikh Saleh Al-Taleb, one of the imams of the Grand Mosque in Makkah, yesterday called upon Muslims to outdo each other in righteous deeds to win rewards during Ramadan.
NASA Cassini Image: Titan #39;s Dark Terrain This view from Cassini #39;s second close flyby of Titan on Dec. 13, 2004 shows bright material within the large dark region west of Xanadu.
Bleak picture from US airline results Major US airlines yesterday reported heavy third quarter losses, under pressure from record fuel prices and fierce competition with budget carriers.
Dell Seeks to Improve Services Through Support Hubs SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Dell Inc. is pushing ahead with plans to open a series of IT support hubs worldwide in an effort to improve its ability to serve customers, especially corporate users.
Villeneuve to Race for Renault to End of Season  LONDON (Reuters) - Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will race  the last three grands prix of the season for Renault, the  Formula One team said on Friday.
Jabil Posts Profit on Stronger Demand Contract electronics manufacturer Jabil Circuit Inc. (JBL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a quarterly profit that more than doubled on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other electronic products.
Intel invests in five 'digital home' companies SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. has made new investments in five companies developing technologies that play into the chip maker's vision of a merged personal computer and consumer electronics industry, something Intel calls the digital home.
Bush defends decision to invade Iraq at UN General Assembly At the opening of the 59th UN General Assembly, Bush talked up the scheduled elections in the country and talked again of his vision of a democratic Middle East.
US Sept durable goods sales rise New orders for US-made durable goods increased 0.2pc in September, held back by a big drop in orders for transportation goods, the US Commerce Department said today.
Philips to sell monitor, part of flat TV ops to TPV (SINGAPORE) Dutch electronics giant Philips said on Thursday it will sell its OEM monitor business and part of its flat-screen TV operations to Taiwan #39;s TPV Technology for US\$350
RosettaNet takes standards push to small firms SINGAPORE--RosettaNet, a consortium pushing to establish a universal e-business language, is hoping to broaden its appeal to smaller companies by slashing the costs of standards adoption.
Vodafone not in talks with Verizon about Sprint British-based mobile phone giant Vodafone Group said Tuesday that it was not in talks with US partner Verizon Communications about a possible bid for US rival Sprint.
Poll: Kerry Lags Bush on National Security WASHINGTON - President Bush has a slight lead over Democrat John Kerry in an Associated Press poll, but the president has a big advantage on protecting the country - the issue voters say they care about most.   ""If we don't take care of the terrorists, we certainly won't have to worry about the economy,"" said Janet Cross, 57, of Portsmouth, Ohio, who switched from Democrat to Republican for the last election...
Palestinians ask Israel to withdraw before election Palestinian officials are urging Israel to curb military operations as they begin to register candidates to run in an election to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president.
XM Satellite Radio to Broadcast on Web XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company #39;s discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users
FCC Proposes Record \$1.2 Million  Fine Against Fox Federal regulators proposed a record indecency fine of nearly \$1.2 million Tuesday against Fox Broadcasting Co. for an episode of its reality series ""Married by America"" that included graphic scenes from bachelor and bachelorette parties.
HP Dumps 64-bit Interests HP (Quote, Chart) is doing a lot of explaining after it revealed this weekend that it will no longer put Itanium processors in its high-performance workstations.
Serena topples US Open champ in China Top seed Serena Williams rallied to claim the China Open yesterday, taking a hard fought 4-6, 7-5, 6-4 win over US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Croatia PM makes key Serbia visit Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader is in Serbia - the first such visit since the war between the two former Yugoslav republics ended almost a decade ago.
Busch the Man to Beat for Nextel Cup (AP) AP - Kurt Busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first Nextel Cup championship. He now has one big hurdle to clear entering Sunday's Ford 400. He needs to protect a vulnerable 18-point lead over Jimmie Johnson, with Jeff Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Mark Martin also within reach.
Milosevic attacks imposition of defence lawyers as  #39;legal fiction #39; THE former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic blasted a decision to impose defence lawyers on him as  quot;legal fiction quot; yesterday, as his first witness began her testimony at his war crimes trial.
Losses mourned in an insurgent stronghold  BAGHDAD -- US and Iraqi forces took control of the central Iraqi city of Samarra yesterday but engaged in sporadic clashes with insurgents who had dispersed into the narrowest of its closely packed streets to continue fighting in small bands.
Microsoft Warns Asian Governments of Linux Lawsuits  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian  governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for  using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows  software.
Microsoft, BT team on software as services LONDON - Microsoftis ramping up its efforts to sell software as a service by teaming with U.K. telecommunications giant BT Group PLC to provide a platform for the delivery of its business applications.
Red Hat Releases New Linux Update Red Hat Inc. Tuesday released its latest patch, Update 3, to its flagship server operating system, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3. RHEL(Red Hat Enterprise Linux)subscribers can download this latest update from the Red Hat Network.
Standoff bolstered Sadr #39;s support Interviews with Iraqi Shiite clerics reveal that moderates are increasingly supporting Sadr #39;s anti-US campaign. By Scott Baldauf  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
U.S. iTunes Music Store now accepts PayPal (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. announced Friday that the U.S. version of its iTunes Music Store now accepts payments through PayPal, the popular electronic payment service owned by eBay. With PayPal, users can pay for their iTunes downloads using a ""virtual wallet"" that's linked to a credit card, bank account or stored account balance. Apple also announced that the first 500,000 customers to open a new iTunes account using PayPal as their payment method before March 31, 2005 will receive five free songs.
Rehabbing his career Player introductions at the final Citizens Bank Summer Caravan stop produced an awkward moment. Walter McCarty and Raef LaFrentz were the featured guests for the free basketball clinic at the Cambridge Family YMCA late last week. McCarty's presence yielded chants of  quot;Walter, Walter quot; from the crowd of 125 kids. LaFrentz left the young fans wondering,  quot;Who is he? quot; The projected ...
Sanz, Rita Big Winners at Latin Grammys LOS ANGELES - It seemed like a rerun of the 2002 Latin Grammys. Once again, Spanish heartthrob singer Alejandro Sanz dominated the show - only this time, Sanz didn't show up to collect his trophies...
Australian PM Howard Celebrates Fourth Poll Win Australian Prime Minister John Howard, a key US ally and supporter of the Iraq war, celebrated on Sunday his election win over opposition Labor after voters enjoying the fruits of a strong economy gave him another term.
Irish #39;s poor offensive effort in 2nd half gives BC life Notre Dame knew what it needed to do but couldn #39;t get it done for the fourth year in a row against Boston College.  quot;We knew we had to come out in the second half and play our best football, quot; Irish coach Tyrone
Lewis Tapped to Become Chairman of BofA Chad K. Gifford is retiring earlier than initially expected as chairman of Bank of America, a title he gained when the bank acquired FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Spain busts a suspected Muslim terror ring Eight Muslim terrorists planning to detonate a 1,100-pound bomb near a federal court in Madrid have been arrested, Spanish officials say.
Bhuttos husband released from jail KARACHI, Pakistan - After eight years in jail on corruption charges, the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was released on bail Monday, an official said, in a move the government heralded as a step toward political harmony with her
Indian ship freed after internet cable fiasco Colombo, Aug. 26 (PTI): Sri Lanka has released a seized Indian cargo ship after it found no evidence linking the vessel to the damage caused to the island #39;s main submarine cable, the Navy said today.
Fed pushes interest rates up again The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point today, marking the third increase this year.
Pakistan PM shrugs off Indian allegations of cross-border infiltration (AFP) AFP - Pakistani Prime Minister Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain played down accusations by India's ruling party that Islamabad had not stopped militants from infiltrating Indian-controlled Kashmir.
On this night, his promise was fulfilled Doc Halladay and Justin Miller were waiting in the dugout tunnel for fellow Toronto pitcher Ted Lilly to finish his postgame TV interviews last night.
Ichiro keeps swinging closer to MLB hit record OAKLANDIchiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners went 1for4 in last night #39;s 6-5 loss to the Oakland Athletics, pulling within five hits of Major League Baseball #39;s single-season record.
Protest Planned in Athens for Powell #39;s Arrival The Greek government on Friday urged protestors planning demonstrations against the arrival here of United States Secretary of State Colin Powell not to mar the hitherto
Mets down to final 3 The Mets announced yesterday they have narrowed their field of candidates for their vacant managerial job to three, and a baseball official familiar with the team #39;s planning said Willie Randolph remains the clear favorite.
IBM adds self-healing to WebSphere IBM has released the latest version of the core middleware product of WebSphere, its application server platform, promising new autonomic, or self-healing, features.
Sen. McCain Threatens Baseball Over Steroids  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Commerce Committee Chairman  John McCain on Saturday threatened to introduce legislation  requiring more stringent drug testing if Major League Baseball  does not impose tougher rules on steroid use by January.
U.S. to Enforce Rules for Mail to Canada (AP) AP - Most mail to Canada must bear the complete name and address of both sender and recipient or it won't be allowed into the country, the U.S. Postal Service said Wednesday. The tighter addressing requirements are in response to increased security.
HP to stop using Intel Itanium chips HP announced that it will discontinue the use of Intel Itanium microprocessors due to the limited demand in the market from its customers.
Brit captive still alive, says brother LONDON -- The brother of Kenneth Bigley, a Briton held hostage in Iraq, said yesterday he had been told the captive was still alive, a contention echoed by the leader of a London-based Islamic centre.
Gang violence rises in Central America  SAN SALVADOR -- Homemade grenades started exploding midmorning Aug. 18 at La Esperanza, El Salvador's largest prison, and the 3,200 inmates locked inside the overcrowded cage stampeded to escape the blasts and the fireballs.
Dow Chemical Third-Quarter Profit Surges (Reuters) Reuters - Dow Chemical Co.'s \third-quarter profit surged 86 percent on increased plastics\sales, but demand remains vulnerable to soaring energy costs,\the No. 1 U.S. chemicals maker said on Thursday.
US soldier jailed for murdering Iraqi teenager A US soldier has been sentenced to three years in prison for murdering a severely wounded Iraqi teenager earlier this year, the US military says.
Telstra chief resigns ahead of privatisation Telstras embattled chief executive resigned on Wednesday as Australias largest telecommunications company prepared for the A\$30bn sale of the governments remaining shareholding.
Martz #39;s insults inspire Rams, 23-12 ST. LOUIS -- Mike Martz #39;s week of anger was no empty display. He saw the defending NFC West champions slipping and thought taking potshots at his players might be his best shot at turning things around.
Trinidad rocks Mayorga It seemed like a difficult assignment. Felix Trinidad returned to the ring last night after more than two years of inactivity to fight Ricardo Mayorga, a sturdy former champion who is capable of scoring a knockout with either hand.
British Prime Minister in Sudan British Prime Minister Tony Blair is in Sudan #39;s capital, Khartoum, for talks with the country #39;s leaders expected to focus on the crisis in the western Darfur region.
Has Coughlin fired up Giants #39; O-line? In the week before last week #39;s preseason game against the Jets, Tom Coughlin sharply criticized his defensive backs, who did not appreciate his comments but responded with a far better game.
AT amp;T to cut 7,400 more jobs, take US\$11.4B writedown AT amp;T Corp., the former monopoly that once dominated the US phone market, said Thursday it will cut another 20 per cent of its workforce and suffer an asset writedown of US\$11.
In China's Cities, a Turn From Factories The country's labor force is stalling as urban workers, tired of paltry pay and rat-infested apartments, seek higher wages and better conditions in rural areas.
Palestinians Believe Arafat Was Poisoned: Poll NABLUS, 22 November 2004 - More than 80 percent of Palestinians believe that veteran leader Yasser Arafat died as a result of poisoning and not from natural causes, a poll published yesterday revealed.
Olympian women escape the age barrier (AFP) AFP - The older the violin, the sweeter the music. And the Athens Olympics is proving the lyrics right as Martina Navratilova, Merlene Ottey and company are demonstrating the endurance of women with middle-aged ladies defying perceptions about age and competition in nearly every sport.
Baghdad Airport Closed Indefinitely -- PM Office  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim government extended the  closure of Baghdad international airport indefinitely on  Saturday under emergency rule imposed ahead of this week's  U.S.-led offensive on Falluja.
Wall St. Seen Flat as Drug Shares Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a flat market  open on Friday, with higher oil prices and drug maker stocks  weighing on Wall Street after Thursday's late-session rally.
Raiders #39; revamped defense still needs tinkering An online scouting service recently rated the Dallas Cowboys in a tie with the 49ers as the second least-talented offense in the NFL.
NEC Four-Way Server Supports High-Availability Apps NEC Solutions America #39;s new four-processor Express5800/340Hb is designed for data-center applications, server consolidation, and server virtualization.
Drawn and Quartered It wasn #39;t supposed to end like this for Pau Gasol and Spain. Not after the way things were going in this Olympics. The Spaniards finished group play an undefeated 5-0
Faruk talks to wife, brother after release Bangladeshi truck driver Abul Kashem Faruk, who was freed by Islamic Army of Iraq (IAI) Thursday, talked to his family over telephone and the government confirmed his release yesterday.
Daly-Donofrio hits 64, leads LPGA by 3 MOBILE, Ala. - Heather Daly-Donofrio shot a career-best 64 to match the course record for three rounds and take a 3-stroke lead in the LPGA Tournament of Champions.
Phelps Wins First Medal, Sandeno Wins 3 (AP) AP - Michael Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on opening night Thursday, giving the world's best swimmer a chance to equal the six gold medals he won at the Athens Olympics.
Irans Saei adds Athens gold to Sydney bronze TEHRAN (MNA) - Sydney bronze medalist Hadi Saei from Iran won the coveted gold of -68kg taekwondo tournament of 2004 Athens Olympic Games Friday.
Australia Incitec Considers US\$600M Brunei Ammonia JV -2- MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian fertilizer company Incitec Pivot Ltd. (IPL.AU) said Monday it is part of a group selected to complete a feasibility study into the construction of an ammonia and urea manufacturing complex in Brunei.
SEEDED TRIO BOW OUT David Nalbandian, Nicolas Massu and Rainer Schuettler - the top three seeds - all lost on Friday in the quarter-finals of the indoor hardcourt event in Vienna.
The bullish case for Kerry Market participants may think they #39;d prefer a Bush win, but Kerry might be better in the long run. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money staff writer.
Wall Street rides coattails of soaring oil production A sharp drop in oil prices led to a modest rally on Wall Street yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.
More history for the Patriots; Win streak at 20 The New England Patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 20 games on Sunday and tied another NFL record in the process in their 30-20 win over the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette Stadium.
Hear William Shatner #39;s sensational version of Pulp #39;s  #39;Common &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The CD will remain the most popular music format till the end of the decade, according to a new survey. The report also states that Europe will buy over 570m worth of digital downloads in 2009, but technology
Kansas City Chiefs KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- Priest Holmes and the Kansas City Chiefs  #39; physcial offensive line shredded the NFL #39;s top-ranked rushing defense.
Canas advances in Shanghai, Ferrero out SHANGHAI (Ticker) - Third seed Guillermo Canas of Argentina became the first seeded player to reach the second round of the Heineken Open Shanghai.
MSN Search to Challenge Google and Yahoo MSN Search to Challenge Google and Yahoo\\The new MSN Search is a full speed ahead effort for Microsoft to catch Google and Yahoo in the search engine race and are about ready to release their MSN Search Engine. Microsoft has offered a search engine since long on their MSN website ...
The virtual girlfriend is here Hong Kong citizens famously told a survey last year they were too busy with work for relationships; now a new technology will enable them to go dating using their famous passion for mobile phones.
Edmonton police find missing teen with fetal alcohol syndrome (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - A 14-year-old boy with fetal alcohol syndrome who disappeared when he was allowed to go unsupervised to West Edmonton Mall was found Friday.
AMD rolls out low-cost online-access device in India US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
Norway's Shipowners plans to expand lockout, government orders talks (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - STAVANGER, Norway (AP) - The Norwegian Shipowners Association threatened on Monday to lock out more oil and gas rig workers, a move analysts said could result in a near shutdown of the third-largest petroleum exporter's production and drive world oil prices even higher.
Brazil Defeats Mexico 2-1 (AP) AP - Romario celebrated his retirement from international soccer by scoring two goals to give Brazil's 1994 World Cup team a 2-1 victory Wednesday night over Mexico's World Cup team from that year.
DaimlerChrysler operating profit increases to \$1.7 billion in Q3 Total revenues increased by 2 to \$43.3 billion, despite the appreciation of the Euro against the US dollar, mainly due to higher unit sales.
Munich To Make Linux Migration Official (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A year after announcing it would migrate its Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows-run computers to Linux, the German city of Munich is expected to make the migration official. The city's council has scheduled a vote, which is anticipated to kick off the next phase of the Linux move.
Viagra ad stiffed Pfizer #39;s latest ad campaign for Viagra has drawn the government #39;s version of a cold shower. The Food and Drug Administration has ordered the company to stop running the commercial featuring
Measure Passed, California Weighs Its Future as a Stem Cell Epicenter A vote by Californians to spend \$3 billion on human embryonic stem cell research could speed progress on the promising but controversial field and make the state the epicenter of such research.
Oil prices hit new high - and more to come Crude oil prices will top \$US50 (\$A69) a barrel for the first time this week, despite a slight fall in New York on Friday night, some analysts have predicted.
Billboard chimes in on ring tones The music industry magazine will soon be publishing a list of best-selling ring tones, according to sources.
Militants, Israeli Troops Battle in Gaza A period of relative calm in the Gaza Strip was broken by a nearly hour-long battle between Palestinian militants and Israeli troops that left at least one Israeli soldier and one militant dead.
Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Gravely ill Palestinian  leader Yasser Arafat agreed on Thursday to be rushed to a  French hospital as fears grew for the icon of the struggle for  a Palestinian state.
Doubleheader in Florida filled with playoff implications com. There are two weeks left in Octoberquest, and most of the attention today will be on a doubleheader in Florida that was never on the original schedule.
Passing offense is adjusting, humming Bee Staff Writer. OAKLAND - If there was a silver lining to the Raiders #39; 34-27 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, it was the steady progress quarterback Kerry Collins seems to be showing as Rich Gannon #39;s heir apparent.
The Long and Blinding Show Can you believe these baseball games of late? They are tension-filled, comeback-laden, back-and-forth, down-to-the-last-out sporting gems. And they are unwatchable.
Abbott to Buy Nutrition Company EAS Medical products company Abbott Laboratories said Monday it agreed to buy nutrition products company EAS Inc. in a cash-for-stock deal worth about \$320 million.
All-Russian US Open Final a Tough Sell for US Television So it will be that hottie Maria Sharapova grunting her way to a second...no? Got beat? Then it #39;s that tempestuous nude-posing Marilyn Manson-look-alike Anastasia Myskina gunning for a second...no? Elena Dementieva?
New Chechen President sworn in Moscow, Oct. 6. (UNI): The new President of war-torn Russian republic of Chechnya, Alu Alkhanov took the oath of office in Grozny, the Chechen capital, amid very tight security throughout the region.
Probe of gifts said to focus on Fidelity Federal regulators have subpoenaed Fidelity Investments and several brokerage firms that handle the stock-trading business for the mutual fund giant, seeking information about gifts and expensive perks Fidelity traders may have accepted from the brokerage firms, according to attorneys involved in the case.
Likely many of this rank could soon be filing The championship euphoria has hardly abated. However it's never too early to start thinking about free agency. Not so much who's coming, but which Red Sox may not be around to bask in the Fenway love when the 2004 World Series flag is raised in April.
Domestic nickel demand rises on lowar prices China #39;s nickel demand is rising on reduced prices and increased purchases from stainless steel and plating plants that are running at higher rates, Shenzhen Daily reported Monday.
Earthquake Hits Costa Rica During Summit (AP) AP - An earthquake shook people awake in the Costa Rican capital early Saturday, where leaders of 21 nations had gathered for a summit meeting.
Giants 26, Cowboys 10 Barber, who had just 26 yards on 10 carries midway through the third quarter, had a key 58-yard run and a late touchdown to finish with 122 yards rushing as the New York Giants beat the Dallas Cowboys 26-10 Sunday.
Pakistan Clashes Said to Leave 9 Dead (AP) AP - Pakistani security forces and militants clashed on Sunday in fighting that killed at least nine people in the mountains near the Afghan border where al-Qaida-linked fighters are believed to be hiding, military officials said.
India lifts 20-year ban on night viewing of Taj Mahal (AFP) AFP - India's Supreme Court lifted a 20-year ban on night viewing of the Taj Mahal, the 17th century white-marble monument to love in the northern city of Agra.
Thousands Demonstrate in Rome for Italian Hostages Thousands of Italians marched silently through Rome in a candlelit procession on Friday to demand the release of two female aid workers seized in Baghdad.
CA Announces General Availability of Ingres r3 Under CA Trusted &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Computer Associates International, Inc. (NYSE:CA) today announced general availability of Ingres r3 for Linux and Windows under the CA Trusted Open Source License (CATOSL).
Frantic attempt to stop the train - then utter devastation A suicidal car driver may have caused the train crash which killed seven people and injured 150, it emerged yesterday. Police are investigating whether a man who stopped his car on an unmanned level crossing
Dollar sees gains against the euro The US dollar rose against the euro and other major currencies yesterday, recovering after some early losses as foreign exchange trading resumed in the new year.
Top security as eight men appear in court on terror charges In a bombproof building, surrounded by police carrying sub-machine guns, the eight men charged with plotting chemical or radioactive attacks in Britain and the United States made their first appearance in court yesterday since their arrest ...
West Brom eye Robson as Hoddle talks stall Bryan Robson is emerging as a serious contender for the vacant managerial position at his former club West Bromwich Albion as question marks over keeping Glenn Hoddle long
Ford scraps Oracle-based procurement system Auto giant Ford Motor confirmed Wednesday that it is abandoning its Oracle-powered online procurement system in favor of technologies it had used previously.
Bomb attack kills 12 at Bangladesh rally At least 12 people were killed and 100 wounded in a bomb attack yesterday on an opposition rally in Bangladesh #39;s capital Dhaka.
Angels have some high hopes Several Angels offered only cliches last night when asked about the baseball season entering the home stretch. But others were more candid about their important series at Fenway Park. When asked if facing Boston at a time when it was playing its best ball of the season represented a welcome challenge, an incredulous look came across the face of Anaheim ...
Oil Prices Set New High, Again Crude futures climbed above \$48 a barrel Thursday as market fears of sabotage against the Iraqi oil infrastructure outweighed assurances from Baghdad that exports would increase in coming days.
Self-Destructing DVDS to Reach More People (AP) AP - The Christmas-themed movie ""Noel"" most likely won't be coming to a theater near you  #151; but if you miss it on cable, there's always the self-destructing DVD.
Bush tells Musharraf he will focus on Mideast issue (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush told visiting Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf he would make the creation of a Palestinian state a central priority of his second term in office.
DRC: UN sex abuse probe teams arrive in the Congo NAIROBI, 24 Nov 2004 (IRIN) - The UN has sent two teams to investigate 150 allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse by civilian and military personnel serving in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), a senior UN official in New York City told
21 Iraqi policemen shot dead west of Baghdad At least 21 Iraqi policemen were killed by an armed group that stormed a police station Sunday in a small town located 200 kilometres west of Baghdad, a police officer said.
UNDATED: in 41 chances. Ryan Klesko singled in the go-ahead run with none out in the eighth inning and San Diego ended St. Louis #39; nine-game winning streak.
India power shares jump on debut Shares in India's largest power producer, National Thermal Power Corp, rise 13 on their stock market debut.
Violence Displaces Over 3,000 More in Darfur-UN More than 3,000 people have been displaced since the end of August by violence in an area of North Darfur state in the troubled western region of Sudan, a United Nations report said on Sunday.
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Close Higher, Dollar Up Tokyo stocks rebounded on Thursday from a nine-day drop, after Wall Street #39;s overnight rise. The US dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
Pedro set to join Mets today Tomorrow morning at a press conference in New York, Pedro Martinez is expected to don a Mets uniform for the first time, his seven-year Red Sox career over, his four-year stint with the Mets just beginning.
Computer Associates Fires Latest Round in Spyware Battle Ken Dunham, Director of Malicious Code at iDefense, said he recommends both Adware and Spybot to his friends and family.  quot;We really haven #39;t had good comprehensive solutions to deal with these threats, quot; Dunham told TechNewsWorld.
Martha Stewart Shares Hit a Three Year High Martha Stewart Living #39;s business may not have hit rock bottom yet, but its stock is officially back from the dead. Shares of the struggling media company were up nearly 9 on Wednesday, reaching not only their
ABN AMRO Leads European Shares Higher  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares opened firmer on  Thursday led by ABN AMRO as investors applauded the savings the  Dutch broker will make from cutting jobs.
German Security Firm Hires Hacker Awaiting Trial A German security firm has hired the teen accused of writing the Sasser and Netsky worms, a move that sends a dangerous message to hackers, anti-virus firms said Monday.
Reports: Sharon Approves North Gaza Pullback  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave  the go-ahead on Thursday for troops to withdraw from parts of  northern Gaza, media reports said, shortly after they killed  the 100th Palestinian in the largest Gaza offensive in four  years.
Bain acquires SuperPages Canada Bain Capital, a Boston private-equity firm, has agreed to buy the Canadian phone-directory business of Verizon Communications Inc. for \$1.54 billion. SuperPages Canada is the nation's second-largest publisher of phone directories. The deal includes online directories. SuperPages Canada had \$293 million in revenue last year. (Beth Healy)
Stocks Set to Open Lower as Oil Rises (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks are set to open lower on\Monday with oil prices climbing higher and Wall Street on edge\as the Republican National Convention gets underway in New York\City amid heightened security concerns.
Separation Makes Algeria, Morocco Bad Neighbors (Reuters) Reuters - They share the same language,\religion and culture but the dramatically different political\histories of Algeria and Morocco have bred mistrust and enmity.
Airports turn to private screeners The US government is making it easier for airports that want to replace federal baggage and passenger screeners with privately employed workers.
Brazil Ruling Party Forced to Run-Off in Sao Paulo Brazil #39;s ruling Workers #39; Party (PT) held onto the mayoralty in at least three major cities in Sunday #39;s municipal vote but will face a tough run
Court Doctors Examine Pinochet for Trial &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Three court-appointed doctorsexamined Chile's former military dictator Augusto Pinochet onThursday, a key step that will decide whether the 88-year-oldgeneral will stand trial for human rights abuses.&lt;/p&gt;
Cardinals Move Closer to Division Title (AP) AP - Jim Edmonds' sacrifice fly snapped an eighth-inning tie and Matt Morris bounced back from one of his worst starts of the season, bringing the St. Louis Cardinals one step closer to the NL Central championship with a 4-2 victory over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night.
Microsoft Shares Office Source Code Software giant hopes to convince governments that its products are secure.
Austrian seeds move on THIRD seed Rainer Schuettler and No.5 Paradorn Srichaphan advanced to the second round of the CA Trophy today. Schuettler, a finalist at this year #39;s Australian Open, seized the initiative early and broke the Austrian at 2-2, enough to win the first set.
Lessons Airlines Can Learn From PCs Without radical strategic change, the legacy carriers won't survive.
Dollar Near Lows After Sharp Slide  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar languished near its lowest  level against the euro in over seven months as recent  lackluster data and soaring oil prices raised doubts over the  United States' growth outlook.
IBM Introducing Fingerprint Reader into Laptop  quot;Today we raised the bar on security for the entire PC industry, quot; IBM Personal Computing Division General Manager Fran O #39;Sullivan said.
Pepper spray spurs toy store evacuation NEW YORK -- About 3,000 shoppers were evacuated from a Toys  quot;R quot; Us store in Times Square yesterday after pepper spray was set off inside, fire officials said.
Traces of explosive found on second plane in Russia Moscow - Officials said Saturday they had found traces of an explosive in the wreckage of the second of two Russian airliners that crashed just minutes apart last Tuesday.
IAAF Receives Explanations From Kenteris (AP) AP - Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou submitted written explanations to the sport's governing body, detailing the reasons why they missed drug tests on the eve of the Athens Olympics.
Dollar Struggles, Hits Record Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled to keep above a\record low against the euro and its lowest in nearly five years\against the yen on Friday in a holiday-thinned market.
ESA #39;s lunar probe closes on target In a matter of days the European Space Agency #39;s (ESA) SMART-1 spacecraft will enter orbit around the Moon. It will adjust its position and prepare for the scientific investigation of the lunar surface that will begin in January.
Indian police kill notorious bandit BANGALORE, India -- Police have shot dead India's most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of chopping up many of the more than 100 people he killed, officials said yesterday.
Hicks fronts military commission DAVID Hicks, the Australian accused of fighting with the Taliban, appeared before a US military commission panel overnight, with defence lawyers challenging the impartiality of one panel member once praised for  quot;tracking and killing quot; Taliban fighters.
Heisman watch Cedric Benson, RB, Texas: Carried 33 times for 165 yards and made three receptions for 13 yards against Texas A amp;M on Friday. Reggie Bush, RB, USC: Caught two passes for 73 yards and one touchdown, and carried seven times for 24 yards against Notre Dame.
VoIP Gains Ground With Bank Of America Deal The largest voice-over-IP business deployment revealed to date presents new opportunities, for both the bank that #39;s using it and the services provider that #39;s implementing it.
Spady #39;s kin outraged The parents of a Colorado State University student who died from acute alcohol poisoning in September said Monday they will not accept any money raised by a series of gelatin wrestling tournaments in Fort Collins that also promoted drinking.
Republicans, Democrats court key Jewish votes (AFP) AFP - Traditionally staunch Democratic supporters, Jewish voters are thought to be  quot;in play quot; for November's US presidential election, with the potential to swing several key battleground states.
No Warning for Procter   Gamble The company is reasonably certain that it can maintain previously issued earnings guidance.
UPDATE 1-Sri Lanka #39;s Jayasuriya foils Pakistan in final Sanath Jayasuriya took five for 17 to lead Sri Lanka to an emphatic 119-run win the triangular tournament final on Saturday and keep Pakistan waiting for their first one-day title at home.
PepsiCo Profit Up, Cuts Jobs; Shares Rise PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s No. 2 soft drink company, on Thursday said quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and strong performances
Tributes paid to Belgium #39;s  #39;magic #39; football coach The Belgian press paid tribute to Raymond Goethals on Tuesday, describing him as the magician and looking back on his teams many victories.
Fallujah: US attacks kill 15 US aircraft carried out a third set of air strikes on Fallujah, reportedly targeting a meeting of suspected loyal activist to Abu Musab al Zarqawi.
Keep your eye on those surging Bills; Vick #39;s tough to figure out Well, well, well. The Redskins topped 20 points for the first time since The Restoration. Will wonders ever cease? Quickly now, who had Week 13 in the office pool?
California considers open-source shift Proposed changes in state procurement policies would favor Linux and its offshoots.\
Scholes: We Must Make Up For Lost Time Paul Scholes grabbed his third goal in three games with a brace against West Brom on Saturday, and then urged United to make up for their sluggish start to the campaign.
Samsung Develops Thumbnail MMC High performance with low power, the removable memory card which is smaller than the size of a thumbnail, is expected to revolutionize cell phone designs.
Itanium unsuitable for workstations, Intel says THE ITANIUM was never really important for the workstation market, Intel has said, causing us to choke over our salty porridge this morning.
Rwanda snubs UN forces in DR Congo Rwanda tells the UN Security Council its plans to disarm rebels across the border in DR Congo will not work.
Woodgate: A dream come true The England international completed his 13.4million move from Newcastle to the Spanish giants on Friday and was officially unveiled to the media on Saturday afternoon.
Lebanese-American seized in Baghdad Armed gunmen have abducted a Lebanese-American contractor from his Baghdad home, CNN reported Wednesday. The contractor, who reportedly works for the US Army in the Green Zone
Decline hits North American birds The National Audubon Society #39;s State of the Birds report draws on data collected between 1966 and 2003 for 654 American bird species.
Radcliffe baffled by failure A tearful Paula Radcliffe has revealed she has no idea what went wrong in her failed bid for Olympic marathon gold. The Briton said fans deserved an explanation but was waiting for test results from a Monday
Four nations launch UN seat bid \Brazil, Germany, Japan and India launch a joint bid for permanent seats on the UN Security Council.
Singapore Suspends Some Poultry Imports (AP) AP - Singapore said Wednesday that it has suspended the import of all poultry and poultry products from neighboring Malaysia after avian influenza was discovered at a farm there.
Word open to exploit An unpatched security vulnerability in popular older versions of Microsoft Word poses a severe threat to users, security reporting firm Secunia warned yesterday.
Smith won #39;t tolerate finger-pointing among teammates At first glance, it seems like an odd approach. Upon closer inspection, however, Michigan State may not have any other choice. The Spartans will use their disappointing 1-2
Starting Lineup &lt;br&gt;&lt;em&gt;While the late-season efforts of such Texans as President Bush and Roger Clemens provide for riveting TV, the even more exciting Maryland-N.C. State game put us in mind of some other Lone Star Staters -- ZZ Top. Goodness, Wolfpack Coach Chuck Amato...
Uefa Cup Wrap: Aachen Stun Lille, Big Wins For Stuttgart, Zenit, The inaugural night of Uefa Cup group football produced handsome victories for Stuttgart - who beat Beveren 5-1 -enit St Petersburg  - thrashed AEK Athens 5-1  Ra-rs  5-0 -ners in Poland  and Fe-oord, who triumphed 3-0 over Hearts
SAP Reports 3rd Quarter Profit Rise SAP AG, the German business management software maker, reported a 15-percent jump in third-quarter net profit Thursday to euro291 million (US\$366 million), citing increased sales across the globe.
Air Force Pitch for Boeing Detailed Air Force Secretary James G. Roche asked a lobbyist for Boeing Co. to use the company #39;s Washington contacts to  quot;quash quot; a deputy undersecretary of defense and make him  quot;pay an appropriate
Bush has been adroit at exploiting 9/11: Carter (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush  quot;has been adroit quot; at exploiting the suffering caused by the September 11 attacks, his predecessor Jimmy Carter said in an interview with the Guardian.
'Sex and the City' Star Switches Roles NEW YORK - ""Sex and the City"" has taken on a whole new meaning for Cynthia Nixon. The actress, who just won an Emmy for her role as Miranda Hobbes in the hit HBO comedy, is in a relationship with another woman, a source who works with Nixon told The Associated Press on Friday...
Halliburton May Separate KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, beset by  controversy over its work in Iraq, plans to shed its KBR  engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services  company's share performance does not match its peers, it said  on Thursday.
American men picking up speed Beaver Creek - In a quiet moment the day before the first World Cup race this season, US Ski Team men #39;s coach Phil McNichol scoffed at those who were predicting a duel for supremacy between the mighty Austrians and the upstart Americans.
Oracle buys PeopleSoft for \$10 billion Ening a bitter battle, PeopleSoft's board has finally approved a deal worth around \$10 billion Oracle says.
Money Funds Rise in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds rose by  #36;2.85 billion in the latest week to  #36;845.69 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.
What they #39;re saying about Ichiro No devalued currency here. No plastic parts. In a time when action is stopped every other night in every sport to celebrate another  quot;milestone quot; with the presentation of a new SUV and a lifetime pass to immortality, Ichiro #39;s work stands pretty much alone.
Circuit City Cuts Quarterly Loss,Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight  rein on expenses and sales of digital televisions and notebook  computers rose, sending its stock up 5 percent.
Forget Kashmir for now, let #39;s do business The icy wastelands of Siachen thawed a little last week. President Musharraf assured India that his forces would not seize Siachen if Indian troops vacated it.
Warne claims world record AUSTRALIAN Shane Warne claimed the outright world Test wicket-taking record today with his 533rd scalp. Warne reached the mark during the first session on day two of the second Test against India when he had
Japan's leader shakes up Cabinet TOKYO -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet yesterday, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support, and quicken the pace of reforms in the world's second largest economy.
Breaking free from energy dependence Ray Kopp enjoyed tooling around in a hydrogen- powered Honda prototype vehicle so much that, for a moment, he pictured driving one home.
Kerry Warns Draft Possible if Bush Wins (AP) AP - John Kerry said Friday there is a ""great potential"" for a new military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the all-volunteer service. Republicans rejected the suggestion as ""fear mongering.""
Xbox Ghost Recon 2 deploys 2 weeks early Ubisoft #39;s first-person shooter is arriving on Microsoft #39;s console November 16, with the PlayStation 2 shipping as previously scheduled.
Another Chinese SMS firm suspended BEIJING: Chinadotcom Corp, an integrated software and mobile applications company, said that China Mobile Communications Corporation (CMCC) has suspended its Go2joy short message service (SMS) for an unspecified period due to various violations of its
Dell joins blade server fray Dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering blade servers with the launch in Paris on Monday afternoon of the PowerEdge 1855.
Video Game Maker Acclaim Files for Bankruptcy Video game publisher Acclaim Entertainment Inc. AKLM.PK , which has been hampered by a lack of hit titles, filed for bankruptcy liquidation on Thursday after failing to line up new financing.
Stocks higher after drop in oil prices, reassuring words on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets moved higher Monday as investors showed growing optimism about the US economy. Lower oil prices also helped take indexes higher, with the price of crude slipping 49 cents from Friday #39;s record close to \$49.
N. Korea Remains Are Not of Japan Citizen (AP) AP - Japan lodged a formal complaint with North Korea on Wednesday after tests showed that human remains which Pyongyang claimed belonged to a Japanese citizen abducted decades ago by communist agents are those of someone else.
Poland unexpectedly says troops may quit Iraq in 2005 BERLIN President Aleksander Kwasniewski of Poland moved quickly on Monday to end an escalating row inside his country #39;s fragile leftist government coalition, saying he hoped that 2,500 troops serving in Iraq would be withdrawn next year.
Europe ; Airbus Hopes for 50 Jet Orders by June Philippe Camus, co-CEO of EADS, said the A350 was part of a long-term strategy for Airbus, taking both companies #39; needs and technological progress into account.
Error Helps Mets Defeat Giants in 12 (AP) AP - Dustan Mohr allowed two runs to score when he dropped a fly ball in the 12th inning, and the New York Mets overcame a shaky return by Tom Glavine and a team-record six double plays to beat the San Francisco Giants 11-9 Saturday.
The Envelope, Please... RedEnvelope is still in the red. Do investors have something to cheer about?
Briefly: OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office roundup Plus: Oracle gives PeopleSoft shareholders more time...Cisco reports access control server flaws...Toshiba tinkers with Wi-Fi for TV.
Hi-tech posters guide commuters Interactive posters at 25 underground stations are helping Londoners travel safely over Christmas.
Asia-Europe Forum Grows, Myanmar Irritates  HANOI, Vietnam (Reuters) - An Asia-Europe forum accepted  Myanmar and 12 other new members Thursday ahead of a summit  strained by Yangon's human rights record and detention of  democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi.
National Basketball Association Game Capsules Boston, MA -- Paul Pierce nailed a jumper at the buzzer to give the Boston Celtics a 90-88 victory over Portland at the FleetCenter.
Anti-Spyware Legislation Could Pass This Year the computer programs that surreptitiously track people #39;s online movements -- are steamrolling their way through Congress and a combined proposal could
Oil Losses Ease on Iraq Pipeline Attack  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Friday, stemming five  days of heavy losses as fresh sabotage attacks on Iraqi oil  infrastructure renewed concern over the country's supplies,  despite a peace deal in Najaf
Dell and Microsoft improves patch management Microsoft and Dell launched a new initiative program for their enterprise consumers that promise to be productive and cost efficient.
Oil \$46 Ahead of Expected U.S. Stockbuild  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices eased again early on  Wednesday, hovering around \$46 a barrel ahead of weekly U.S.  data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time for winter.
Newfoundland premier invokes historic grievance amid fight with Ottawa (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams raised the spectre of the bungled Churchill Falls hydroelectric deal Wednesday as he tried to explain what is at stake in his province's battle with Ottawa over offshore energy revenues.
Boeing Converts 737 Into Bomber The squat little mainstay of the airline industry will become a fierce weapon for the Navy. The plane's new mission: to patrol the seas for submarines, then blow them to smithereens with bombs and missiles. Chris Genna reports from Seattle.
IOC Chides Bidding Cities for Bickering IOC president Jacques Rogge plans to tell the five cities bidding for the 2012 Summer Olympics to stop sniping at each other and concentrate on their own campaigns.
Martin: Partnership  #39;even more important #39; Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin recounted Wednesday the hospitality Canadians displayed to stranded travelers after US airspace closed in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks.
Cardinals Win Opener Larry Walker delivers three key hits as the Cardinals slug their way past the Astros, 10-7, Wednesday in Game 1 of a NLCS many feel is being unjustly overlooked.
CORRECTED - UPDATE 2-Krispy Kreme lawyers found no purposeful &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In CHICAGO story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Krispy Kreme lawyers found no purposeful misconduct, quot; please read in paragraph 9 ... a former operating manager of a Northern California franchise ... instead of ... a
Renteria picks Boston Free agent shortstop Edgar Renteria has chosen to leave the St. Louis Cardinals to join the Red Sox. Renteria is expected to sign a four-year deal for slightly more than \$36 million.
Asian Americans fight language barrier in US elections (AFP) AFP - When Chungin Chung, an Asian American community leader, was invited to meet US vice-presidential candidate Senator John Edwards ahead of the November 2 election, she was excited but politely declined.
'Phishing' on the Rise, But Don't Take the Bait Jan Boldt can hardly believe the number of fake e-mail warnings she receives almost daily from crooks impersonating the security divisions at eBay, AOL, PayPal and other businesses. She usually deletes them without even looking.
Congress Probing U.N. Oil-For Food Program (AP) AP - Congressional investigators examining ""a semitrailer truck load"" of subpoenaed documents are trying to determine whether lax monitoring at a French bank that held more than  #36;60 billion for the U.N. oil-for-food program facilitated illicit business deals by the former Iraqi government, officials told The Associated Press.
Judge's decision means uncertain future for PeopleSoft One year ago at PeopleSoft Inc.'s Connect user conference, Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway took the stage to assure several thousand PeopleSoft customers that Oracle Corp.'s then three-month-old bid for control of PeopleSoft had failed. When he stands before the crowd at this year's Connect gathering later this month, he'll have a harder time making the case that Oracle's lingering campaign isn't harming PeopleSoft.
U.S. Growth Under Forecast in 3rd Quarter (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. economy expanded at a 3.7\percent annual rate in the third quarter, below expectations\but still bolstered by healthy consumer spending that was\accompanied by the lowest inflation in decades, the Commerce\Department said on Friday.
Companies step up monitoring of internal networks (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Companies that have spent billions on cyberdefenses to thwart intruders are now addressing an even bigger threat: employees. Many are investing in software that monitors sensitive content inside corporate networks, say security analysts and venture capitalists.
Goodale projects \$5.9B surplus this year OTTAWA - Canada is on track to post a budget surplus of \$5.9 billion when the federal government #39;s current fiscal year ends in March, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale said Tuesday.
Sun unveils UltraSparc IV It will be Sun's first chip to be built with a 90-nanometer process technology and it will have a higher clock speed and larger and more flexible memory caches than the current generation of UltraSparc IV processors.
Real Madrid lose ground on Barcelona The normally star studded Real Madrid missed most of their front line players in a match against Villarreal in the Spanish first division league on Sunday.
British Airways Profits Rise British Airways PLC said Monday that net profit rose by 25.5 percent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose.
TOKYO REACTION Koizumi Vows No Japanese Withdrawal After Tourist #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Sunday repeated his vow to keep about 550 troops in Iraq after the government confirmed that the decapitated body found on a street
One more NBA setback -- the last? -- for unfulfilled Mashburn At 6-feet-8, 250 pounds, he came into the NBA in 1993 as the fourth pick overall by the Dallas Mavericks following his junior year, when he was a first-team All-American for Rick Pitino at Kentucky.
Wary Martin gets the drop on Loeb The Estonian Markko Martin, a candidate for the most disappointing driver of the season a month ago, could finish runner-up in the world championship after defeating the new champion Sebastien Loeb to take the Catalonia Rally and his second consecutive
Iomega rolls out low-end NAS Iomega on Friday introduced a new network-attached storage appliance for Windows networks in small and midsized businesses.
Crude falls on hopes for heating oil report Crude oil futures prices fell yesterday as concerns about reduced output in the North Sea were offset by expectations that an upcoming US government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
NASA Probe Takes Pictures Of Saturn Moon LOS ANGELES -- NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft on Tuesday made its closest pass yet to to Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon. The spacecraft took the first detailed pictures ever of the moon #39;s surface.
Jobs: Pixar #39;s  #39;Incredibles #39; Derails  #39;Polar Express #39; Steve Jobs must love superheroes. Though earnings from The Incredibles, the latest release from Pixar Animation Studios (nasdaq: PIXR - news - people ), did not make it into the company #39;s most recent quarterly
Judge OKs Rights Suit Against Unocal (AP) AP - A lawsuit against Unocal Corp. over alleged atrocities that occurred during a 1990s pipeline project in Myanmar can proceed before a jury, a California judge ruled Tuesday.
Karzai set for election win, mandate to tackle Afghan warlords &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; His election to a five-year presidential term all but official, Afghan leader Hamid Karzai was already under pressure Wednesday to put the squeeze on the country #39;s powerful warlords and tackle a narcotics industry threatening to overwhelm one
WPP buys Grey Global WPP beat smaller French rival Havas and US private equity firm Hellman and Friedman, acquiring the last large independent advertising group after a 1990s consolidation in the industry.
2,500-Year-Old Hidden Tomb Found in Egypt (AP) AP - Egypt's antiquities chief on Thursday revealed a 2,500-year-old hidden tomb under the shadow of one of Giza's three giant pyramids, containing 400 pinkie-finger-sized statues and six coffin-sized niches carved into granite rock.
US-European tensions deepen over Irans nuclear program Next weeks meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) board of governors over Irans nuclear programs is looming as a tense diplomatic battleground between the US and its European rivals.
Virgin takes on iPod Virgin Electronics unveiled on Tuesday a digital audio player with a 5GB hard disk, in a bid to penetrate the market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iPod.
Energy needs on top of Wen #39;s Moscow agenda BEIJING, Sept. 24 (Xinhuaent) -- Premier Wen Jiabao is now in Moscow with a mission to secure more power supply from Russia to satisfy China #39;s booming demand for oil and gas.
Nigerian Oil Delta Rebel in 11th Hour Peace Talks Nigerian rebel leader Mujahid Dokubo-Asari said he arrived in the capital Abuja on Wednesday for talks with President Olusegun Obasanjo after his group threatened a new offensive against troops in the oil-producing Niger delta and
Wal-Mart to allow unions in China stores HONG KONG (CBS.MW) -- US retail giant Wal-Mart (WMT) has bowed to pressure and said it will allow unions in its stores in China to unionize if employees request it, the China Daily newspaper reported.
Merger Activity Hits Record High Johnson   Johnson's \$25.4 billion takeover of Guidant Corp. and the \$35 billion union of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. are leading the busiest quarter for mergers in more than four years. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Another woman kidnapped in Iraq A POLISH-Iraqi woman has been kidnapped in Baghdad, the Iraqi interior ministry confirmed after Arab television station Al-Jazeera broadcast a videotape of the hostage.
Suns Defeat Trail Blazers, 117-98 (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored a career-high 50 points, including nine straight during a decisive 12-2 Phoenix run early in the fourth quarter, and the Suns beat the Portland Trail Blazers 117-98 Sunday night.
Cool Batman Photo! In related news, it was announced yesterday that Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, DC Comics and Electronic Arts will bring a Batman Begins videogame tie-in.
US retail sales down 0.3 percent in August (AFP) AFP - US retail sales fell 0.3 percent in August, marking the third decline in the past five months, according to an estimate from the Commerce Department.
Eight to Face Court on Terror Murder Plot Charges Eight men will appear in court tomorrow accused of plotting terrorist outrages in Britain and the United States.
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  filed seven\lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for\transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually\explicit content, the world's largest software maker said on\Thursday.
Salvadoran Companies Export Promise to D.C. Trade Show Small Salvadoran companies are sponsored by Expro at the D.C. Trade Show as part of a \$6 million project by the U.S. Agency for International Development.
Ba #39;asyir transferred to Cipinang, formal charges expected in days Investigators submitted the case file on cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir to prosecutors on Wednesday, paving the way for his trial on charges of involvement in a string of terrorist attacks across the country.
Tigers Edge Mariners in 11 Wild Innings (AP) AP - Craig Monroe hit an RBI single with one out in the 11th inning, leading the Detroit Tigers to a wild 11-10 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday night.
USAir Details Plan to Be Low-Cost Carrier  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankrupt US Airways &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt;  detailed plans on Monday for becoming a low-cost carrier,  saying it will overhaul its flight schedule and sharply boost  aircraft turnaround times beginning in February.
Sony #39;s smaller PS2 takes aim at Nintendo In what #39;s shaping up to be an all-out war with Nintendo, Sony went on the offensive for the holiday-shopping season Tuesday, announcing that it will release a smaller version of its PlayStation 2 console in the United States on Nov. 1.
Maker of Antidepressant Drug to Release All Trial Results In a settlement that the New York State attorney general said would transform the drug industry, GlaxoSmithKline agreed today to release the results of all its drug clinical trials.
ADB grants 200 million dollars for Philippines health sector (AFP) AFP - The Asian Development Bank (ADB) said it has approved two loans totalling 213 million dollars to improve the health sector in the Philippines.
Alcan in Talks to Sell Greek Firm Stake Canadian aluminum producing giant Alcan Inc. said Friday that it is in exclusive talks to sell the company #39;s stake in Aluminium de Grece SA to metals company Mytilineos Holdings SA of Greece.
Brazil uncovers corrupt officials Federal prosecutors in Brazil say they have identified 137 politicians and more than 400 officials involved in a corruption scandal.
SBC in Deal With Microsoft to Provide TV on High-Speed Lines SBC Communications plans to announce that it will pay \$400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines.
ETA lets off small bombs in seven Spanish cities On the anniversary of the Spanish Constitution yesterday ETA let off seven small explosive devices in as many Spanish cities. The blasts took place almost simultaneously at around 13.30 hours in Santillana
Government warns of net dangers A more joined-up approach to net safety is needed if government is to get the message home to citizens.
Gold Fields chief calls 4.5bn bid  #39;inadequate #39; The chief executive of Gold Fields, the South African gold producer, yesterday said he would urge the board to turn down an \$8.1billion (4.
OECD 2005 forecasts bleak as oil rises and US deficit widens The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) predicts global economic growth to be at 3.6 in 2004. The OECD lowered its forecast in the wake of a rise in oil prices and drop in consumer confidence.
The Changing Face Of Campus Tech SeaDour writes  quot;CNET News has an interesting perspective on the changing face of technology on campus. These days, students are showing more interest in the tech perks that campuses have to offer, and universities are taking notice.
Sri Lanka Tigers take flack over enlisting child soldiers (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's truce with Tiger rebels has brought fear instead of the expected peace dividend because of the continued forced recruitment of thousands of child soldiers, a rights group said.
Lessons from Hollinger fiasco Hollinger International Inc. #39;s special committee #39;s report that details the apparent abuse by senior executives at the company, primarily Conrad Black and David Radler, is the latest in a series of scandals that have shocked corporate boardrooms across the
Nikkei Reverses Opening Gains (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average reversed opening\gains to fall 0.69 percent by midsession on Wednesday as early\buying on exporters, inspired by gains on Wall Street after an\increase in U.S. interest rates, ran out of steam.
US faces record borrowing requirement The federal government, running record budget deficits over the past two years, is projecting that it will have to borrow a record \$147 billion in the first three months of 2005, the Treasury Department announced Monday.
Delta's Stock Takes Off After Pilot Deal   ATLANTA (Reuters) - Shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  jumped on Thursday after the company and its pilots union  reached a tentative contract that will save the cash-strapped  carrier \$1 billion a year.
Soyuz crew docks craft manually with international space station A US-Russian crew had to turn off autopilot yesterday and manually moor its Soyuz spacecraft to the international space station after an unidentified glitch resulted
Apple warns of store shut-off for older iTunes If you've been clicking ""remind me later"" for those pesky update windows, Apple's closing its music store to you.
O's Lose 10th Straight The A's use home runs by Erubiel Durazo and Eric Chavez to finish a four-game sweep of the crumbling Orioles, 9-4, on Thursday.
Greenspan Rate Warning Spooks Treasuries (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries prices skidded lower\on Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said\investors should be hedged for higher interest rates.
Defiant Sprewell holds court Latrell Sprewell was beginning to make a little sense last night until a final thought bypassed his brain. He wants a contract extension in the worst possible way and keeps
Maria Zambrano top Canadian at half-marathon worlds CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Calgary #39;s Maria Zambrano posted the best Canadian result at the 2004 world half-marathon championships Sunday in New Dehli with a 40th-place showing.
Singulus, Sony Team Up on Blu-Ray Development  FRANKFURT/TOKYO (Reuters) - German compact disc and DVD  equipment company Singulus and Japan's Sony have teamed up to  develop a new technology for music and video discs, Singulus  said on Tuesday.
Q1 Labs tackles intrusion prevention Q1 Labs this week plans to release the latest version of its flagship software as well as add-on software that the company says enables its security management tool to not only detect security issues but also prevent them.
Florida Sets Touch-Screen Recounts Rule (AP) AP - The state set a court-ordered rule for recounting touch-screen ballots in close elections Friday, but voter-rights groups complained the changes fell far short of what is needed to ensure a fair vote.
Oil Prices Generate Winners and Losers With crude oil prices pushing to above \$50 per barrel, the world is dividing into camps of winners and losers.
Colgate-Palmolive, Unilever issue warnings Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Unilever NV warned of profit shortfalls Monday, leading an overall decline for stocks in consumer goods makers, who face tougher competition and increased
Fed Reports Continuing Economic Growth The US economy continued to grow in the early fall despite being buffeted by rising energy costs and hurricanes, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday, providing its last snapshot of business conditions before Election Day.
Rocket Attack Kills Israeli Child An Israeli child was killed by a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants on Wednesday, an Israeli rescue service said.
Support Linux Standard Base (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - LSB 2.0 represents the best chance to prevent Linux fragmentation.
Turkey warns US it could stop Iraq cooperation (AFP) AFP - Turkey warned the United States that it would halt cooperation over Iraq if US forces did not stop their assault on the mostly Turkmen populated Iraqi town of Tall Afar, Anatolia news agency said.
Colorado Rockies Team Report - October 1 (Sports Network) - The Colorado Rockies will try to play the role of spoiler this weekend when they take on the playoff-hopeful Houston Astros in a season- ending three-game series, starting tonight from Minute Maid Park.
Bomb blast fails to stop NZ Hockey, but Aussies pull out New Zealand Hockey boss Ramesh Patel is sticking to his guns over the national men #39;s team #39;s participation in the Champions Trophy in Pakistan despite Australia waving the white flag yesterday because of security concerns.
Fuji Readies 16X DVDs (PC World) PC World - Fuji joins the fray of makers of 16X DVD media with scheduled fall release.
Former Tottenham Coach Bill Nicholson Dies (AP) AP - Bill Nicholson, who coached Tottenham in its glory days of the 1960s and 1970s, died Saturday after a long illness. He was 85. Nicholson's death at a hospital in Hertfordshire, outside London, was announced on Tottenham's Web site on behalf of his family.
Snow: Oil clouds global growth Treasury Secretary tells IMF that economic outlook is bright but  #39;cannot rest on our laurels. #39;. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Treasury Secretary John Snow said Saturday the outlook for global economic growth is good
Search for Amazon wreck victims Rescuers search for victims after a ship capsizes in the Amazon region of Brazil, killing at least 15 people.
Checking In as a Do-It-Yourself Project Several airlines have begun using machines in a growing number of United States airports that allow passengers to print out their own baggage tags.
Copernic desktop search takes aim at Microsoft The privately held company today released free desktop search software in a move some see as a test of the product's market viability in what is becoming a crowded field.
American claims Khorkina crown ATHENS -- With a dazzling routine on the floor, American Carly Patterson staked her claim last night as the new queen of gymnastics. Patterson, 16, spoiled Russian superstar Svetlana Khorkina #39;s final chance at Olympic gold in gymnastics #39; premier event and ...
Clash of the Titans THE United States looks set on a collision course with the European Union (EU) over their aircraft industries. In recent months, the two giants have been unable to agree on how best to replace a 1992 bilateral
Meetings Scheduled to Discuss Expos Move (AP) AP - Still deliberating on where to move the Montreal Expos, members of baseball's relocation committee scheduled a new round of meetings this week.
(14) Louisville 56 Memphis 49 MEMPHIS Eric Shelton scored on a one-yard run with 37 seconds remaining to lift 14th-ranked Louisville past Memphis 56-to-49. The Tigers went ahead by a point when Stephen Gostkowski hit a 29-yard field goal with six-19 left.
Iomega Readies Wireless Storage Device Iomega will soon ship its first network-attached storage device equipped with wireless networking technology. The product, dubbed the NAS 100d, is targeted at small-office and home-office users looking for
Wizards Outlast Celtics Antawn Jamison scores 27 points and the Wizards shut out the Celtics for the first 4:47 of overtime in a 110-105 victory Wednesday.
Adobe Systems Introduces Acrobat 7.0 The publishing software giant Adobe Systems Inc. today introduced Adobe Acrobat 7.0 software, the company #39;s desktop applications suite for creating and viewing PDF (Portable Document Format) files.
Oil pipeline ablaze A DOMESTIC oil pipeline east of the Iraqi capital was ablaze today amid a wave of attacks against oil infrastructure in this volatile country, witnesses said.
Comeback kings Bayern crowned winter champions BERLIN: Bayern Munich claimed the honorific title of winter champions showing great spirit to come from two goals down to net a point in a 2-2 draw with VfB Stuttgart at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday.
Oracle Brings Scaled-Down Enterprise Suite to America Shoring up its fourth-quarter applications revenuesand its small and midmarket business strategyOracle Corp. announced Monday the North American version of its E-Business Suite Special Edition.
San Jose ties up final berth The San Jose Earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the Western Conference by tying the Burn, 2-2, last night in Dallas in the season finale for both teams.
Bad Day for Drug Companies - and Patients Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt a triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with bad news about key products.
Families Mark Moment of 2001 Attacks Family members clutching roses and bearing photos of the relatives they lost on Sept. 11 fell silent early Saturday to mark the third anniversary of the World Trade Center attack.
New Simian species found in Arunachal India has once again proved itself as the land of contradictions as scientists have now discovered a new species of monkey in Arunachal Pradesh, despite the fact that India has some of the fastest retreating forest lands.
Weekdays at 4:45 PM on Radio 990 in Manitoba More than 300 scientists from 15 countries, including Canada, have released a study that shows the pace of the Arctic ice melt is accelerating.
Door open for silicon replacement A breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in electronic devices.
Pitcairn OAP on rape charge A 78-YEAR-OLD man has been accused of twice raping a woman more than 30 years ago, amid an alleged culture of sex attacks on the tiny island of Pitcairn.
Covington orthodontist facing pornography charge A Covington orthodontist was charged yesterday with communicating with a minor for immoral purposes and possession of child pornography.
City shuts Back Bay Holiday Market The hard luck Back Bay Holiday Market at Prudential Center was shut down for about five hours yesterday by the Boston Public Health Commission, prompting one merchant to say she plans to leave.
Britain backs assault on Fallujah, dismisses UN warnings LONDON, Nov 6 (AFP) - Britain said a US-led assault on the city of Fallujah was needed to uproot insurgents who could derail elections in Iraq, dismissing UN warnings such an offensive would actually undermine chances for democracy.
Palestinian PM Urges Tactical Rethink in Conflict Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie marked the anniversary of a Palestinian uprising against Israel on Tuesday by calling on both sides to rethink tactics that have brought four years of bloodshed.
Police arrest man on suspicion of murdering French student (AFP) AFP - Police arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of murdering a French student in August, Scotland Yard said.
Income for 2004 also revised lower for syn-fuel credits NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Hurricane damage in Florida and the Carolinas will cost Progress Energy more than \$300 million to clean up and will lower earnings for the year by about 18 percent, the utility said Friday.
Communities get hi-tech help Rural and deprived communities worldwide are benefiting from the increased availability of computers.
Martha Stewart to Judge: Jail Me Now Lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said on Wednesday she wants to serve her prison sentence for lying over a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible, so she can put her  quot;nightmare quot; behind her.
Stocks Seen Steady Ahead of Oil, GDP Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open little  changed on Wednesday, a day after staging a late rally on heavy  machinery maker Caterpillar Inc.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; raised sales  forecast, but high oil prices will remain on investors' minds  ahead of U.S. crude inventories data.
Abbey directors feel shareholders #39; wrath Directors of banking giant Abbey National today faced harsh criticism from shareholders angry at the decision to sell out to Spain #39;s largest bank.
The great blue vs. red state debate &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Caution: rude words enclosed
Fledgling Thunderbird takes on Outlook Not content with eating into Microsoft #39;s share of the browser market with Firefox, the Mozilla Foundation has released an open-source email client to rival Outlook.
Israel AG Says Shift Barrier to Avoid Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's attorney general urged the\government Thursday to swiftly reroute its barrier in the\occupied West Bank to minimize the risk of international\sanctions after the World Court deemed the project illegal.
Treasuries Creep Up on Rate Prospects (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Monday in\subdued trading, extending Friday's rally as dealers\anticipated slower official rate hikes in 2005 following slack
Hurricane force Insurance companies hit homeowners with high &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Floridians pick up the pieces from the second devastating hurricane in less than a month, many are discovering the full effects of a decade of maneuvering
Hopes for peace talks as Nepal rebels lift blockade Nepal #39;s ruling coalition has expressed hopes for peace talks with Maoist rebels, as the capital, Kathmandu, returned to normal after the rebels lifted a week-long blockade.
Romanian Election also the subject of corruption As the voting gets underway, in what is expected to be a tight race, there are already election fears of fraud. Many are worried that the PSD (Social Democrats) might attempt to manipulate the voting in some way.
Delta Reports Wider Quarterly Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, which is  racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on Wednesday reported  a wider quarterly loss amid soaring fuel prices and weak  domestic airfares.
Physicians in France checking Arafat for leukemia, Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leukemia specialists examined ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital to determine whether he suffers from the blood cancer, Palestinian officials said Saturday.
Google #39;s New Stock Rises to \$100 Mark Description: In the first day of trading in shares of the Internet search engine company Google, the stock rises to above \$100. After much anticipation over the public offering, Google set its initial price at \$85 for Thursday #39;s debut. NPR #39;s Laura Sydell ...
Japanese growth grinds to a halt Japan's economy grows just 0.1 in the third quarter, hit by faltering exports and a slowdown in corporate investment.
SurfControl fights phishing scams In response to the growing threat that phishing poses to e-mail users, SurfControl plans to upgrade its e-mail filter to catch these attacks, and flag more spam and other abuses.
Hard drive with 23,000 Social Security numbers disappears California State University officials believe the data was inadvertently thrown away, triggering a new state law requiring all people whose information was stolen to be notified.
Harrah's, Caesars to Sell Four Casinos  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Harrah's Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HET.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Caesars Entertainment Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CZR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CZR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said they have  agreed to sell four casinos for \$1.24 billion to privately held  Colony Capital in a deal expected to ease anti-trust concerns  for Harrah's planned takeover of Caesars.
Gerrard makes Liverpool quit ultimatum Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has admitted he could quit Anfield at the end of the season. Skipper Gerrard, who almost joined Chelsea last summer, said:  quot;If the club is moving forward and doing well, I won #39;t have to be looking anywhere else.
MacGowan to play at jazz landmark Legendary singer Shane MacGowan is to play a mini-residency at London's famous Ronnie Scott's jazz club.
Australian Gasoline Prices May Ease, Treasurer Costello Says Australia #39;s inflation rate was contained and gasoline prices may ease in coming months, Treasuer Peter Costello told reporters in Melbourne.
Symantec, Veritas Reportedly In Talks Oracle #39;s (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) \$10.3 billion blockbuster acquisition of PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) is already yesterday #39;s news.
Iranian Diplomat Freed By Iraqi Captors 27 September 2004 -- An Iranian diplomat was freed by his captors in Iraq today after spending more than a month as a hostage. Iran #39;s Foreign Ministry confirmed that Faridoun Jahani, the Iranian consul in
Top military analyst: Putting Black Watch on front line makes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; One of Britains top military analysts has described the plan to send the Black Watch regiment to back up American troops in Iraqs most dangerous areas as a critical, serious and ultimately unnecessary decision that makes no logistical sense
Passing Game Stalls The Redskins are still waiting for quarterback Mark Brunell to get into gear. Brunell on Sunday produced one of the least productive games of his 12-year NFL career.
Some Lexmark, Dell Printers May Present Electrical Hazard Approximately 40,000 laser printers manufactured by Lexmark International Inc. were recalled this week, according to a statement released by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC).
McCoist blasts  #39;powder-puff #39; Gers Former Rangers star Ally McCoist has described the current team as powder-puff following their UEFA Cup exit last night. Alex McLeishs side needed only a draw at home to Auxerre to progress to the last 32 but lost 2-0.
US Warns China It May Impose Limits on Apparel Imports A senior American trade official said here today that the United States would limit apparel imports from China if American manufacturers provided evidence that such limits were needed.
Knicks Embarrassed in Opener at the Garden Boston smacked its hosts around and pinned a defeat on the Knicks, who absorbed their most lopsided home-opening loss.
Players Union Challenges Carter's Release The NFL Players Association has gotten involved in Quincy Carter's release by the Dallas Cowboys. The union filed a grievance over the release Aug...
Investors May Sue Russia as YUKOS Tanks  MOSCOW (Reuters) - YUKOS' foreign investors accused Russia  on Friday of attempting to steal the oil giant's key unit  Yugansk and threatened to sue after Moscow set a Dec. 19 fire  sale of its assets, sending the stock collapsing by 25 percent.
Pak rejects US claim on Osama ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Monday rejected as  quot;politicking quot; a US official #39;s weekend claim that Osama bin Laden was close to being captured.
Jamaica #39;s Fuller joins Portsmouth LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Jamaica striker Ricardo Fuller has joined Portsmouth from Preston North End on a two-year contract, the Premier League club said on Friday.
Vikings Deny Jaguars For a change, the Vikings' defense produces a long touchdown as tackle Kevin Williams rumbles for a 77-yard touchdown after a fumble to beat the Jaguars, 27-16.
Judge Rules Against  #39;Spam King In ordering a New Hampshire man to stop sending spyware that takes over parts of a user #39;s computer, a federal judge has sent a warning shot at spammers in the United States.
Sfor defends pursuit of Karadzic The Nato head in Bosnia defends efforts to detain Bosnian Serb leaders ahead of a war crimes report.
Rookie Worries Redskins The Steelers' multi-faceted offense, featuring Ben Roethlisberger and a returning Duce Staley, poses a stiff challenge to the Redskins' No. 2-ranked defense.
Memo Appealed for Ways To Break Iraqi Detainees A memo issued last summer by a U.S. Army military intelligence officer appealed for suggestions on how to extract information from prisoners in Iraq and called for tougher means of getting intelligence.
Minority Liberals to oppose Bloc amendment, put government on line (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin's minority government is set to put its political life on the line Thursday by opposing a Bloc Quebecois amendment to the throne speech.
ASML, Carl Zeiss Pay Nikon \$145M Nikon Corp. will soon see a \$145 million influx, thanks to a memorandum of understanding with ASML Holding NV and Carl Zeiss SMT AG.
Birdstone Proves Worth Belmont Stakes winner Birdstone established himself as the nation's leader among 3-year-olds Saturday with a victory in the Travers Stakes.
Teen's Goal Gives U.S. Shot at Soccer Gold IRAKLION, Greece - The only teenager on the U.S. women's soccer team gave the old vets a chance to leave with one last gold...
Afghan women offer to take place of UN hostages A group of 20 Afghan women offered on Thursday to take the place of three foreign UN workers held hostage for the past two weeks by a Taliban splinter group.
Consumer Spending Up 0.8 Percent in July However, a sluggish rise in incomes in July raised concerns that spending might fizzle again soon if it is not supported by more substantive growth in jobs and wages.
EXPLOSIONS HIT MADRID FIVE explosions rocked Madrid last night after Basque terror group Eta threatened bombings in the Spanish capital. A petrol filling station was one of the targets but initial reports said the explosions were by  #39;low potency #39; bombs.
Russia, Israel Agree on Anti-Terror Union Russia #39;s foreign minister welcomed Israel #39;s offer of help in combating militant groups on Monday, saying Russia needs to be more effective in fighting terror after last week #39;s deadly hostage school standoff.
Quarterly Profits Rise for Cox and Comcast MCSK quot; gt; Comcast Corporation and Cox Communications, two of the nation #39;s largest cable companies, reported strong third-quarter profit and revenue growth yesterday because of growing demand for
Group Franz Ferdinand Wins Mercury Prize LONDON - Scottish rockers Franz Ferdinand, whose debut album has been hailed by critics as a masterpiece of pop, won the prestigious Mercury Music Prize.    The Glasgow-based quartet were the favorites among the 12-strong shortlist to take home the award for their self-titled album...
S. Lanka Peace Bid at Critical Low - Norway Envoy Sri Lanka #39;s bid to forge lasting peace with Tamil Tiger rebels after two decades of civil war is at its most critical ebb since a 2002 truce, Norway #39;s peace envoy to the country said on Wednesday.
Luxury carmakers rev up profits STUTTGART - Despite signs of a global economic slowdown, two of Germany #39;s leading luxury carmakers - Porsche AG and BMW AG - have said they are off to a strong start to their new business years.
Google IPO Bidding Opens Google IPO Bidding Opens\\Google's IPO bidding is officially open. Google and its underwriters expect to open the auction for the shares of Google rsquo;s Class A common stock at 9:00 a.m. EST (press time) on Friday, August 13, 2004. Google bidders must have obtained a bidder ID from ipo.google.com if you ...
Powell Says UN Is Doing Enough for Iraq Elections (Reuters) Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell said\on Thursday that U.N. plans to help with the upcoming election\in Iraq appeared to be on track, despite months of pressure for\the world body to increase its staff.
O #39;Hare Set to Lose 37 Daily Arrivals Federal officials announced an agreement Wednesday to ease congestion at O #39;Hare International Airport by temporarily cutting 37 daily peak-hour arrivals by United Airlines and American Airlines, its two largest carriers.
Yahoo pares Google stake, sells \$191 mn in stock New York, August 28: Yahoo Inc said on Saturday it sold \$191 million in Google Inc stock in that company #39;s Initial Public Offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares Google gave Yahoo this month to settle two disputes.
Who Will Be The First Virgin Bride on Virgin Galactic #39;s First &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Today, adventurous British entrepreneur Richard Branson formally announced that his Virgin transport, entertainment and communications company plans to launch commercial sub-orbital space flights by 2007.
Hurricane Throws Curveball to Baseball Schedule  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Hurricane Frances has already  affected Major League Baseball this weekend as five games have  been postponed.
Harmony #39;s offer for Gold Fields puts Iamgold merger in doubt &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Shares of Iamgold fell more than 10 per cent after its proposed merger with Gold Fields Ltd. was thrown into doubt Monday as South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold Mining Company Ltd.
Kim #39;s portraits removed upon instruction from North Korean &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PYONGYANG, November 17 (Itar-Tass) -- Kim Jong Ils portraits were removed from some state offices frequented by foreigners at the initiative of the leadership of the country, an informed source in the Russian embassy in Pyongyang told Tass.
Corning: Glass substrate shipments to increase 70 in 2004 The company estimates shipments will grow 5-10 this quarter, with a 10 growth in shipments to Taiwan-based panel makers. Even though panel shipments from Taiwan companies declined in July and August, Corning
Greenspan Says Effects of Japan Currency Sales Hard to Gauge The effect of Japan #39;s currency sales this year and last on the value of the yen are difficult to judge, #39; #39; Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said.
Russia reports battle for Grozny Russia says about 250 rebels launched a coordinated attack on the Chechen capital Grozny just before President Vladimir Putin #39;s visit at the weekend.
AdWatch: New Bush Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Tuesday:
Hamas rejects ceasefire in preparations for Palestinian elections The Islamic resistance movement Hamas on Wednesday refused to halt attacks against the Jewish settlements during the period of preparations for the Jan. 9 elections.
Bob Evans Earnings Down 40 Percent Bob Evans Farms Inc. (BOBE.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 40 percent drop in quarterly earnings and warned that full-year results would fall short of estimates due to weak sales at its namesake restaurants.
Microsoft set to ship Virtual Server 2005 Microsoft Corp. next month will release Virtual Server 2005, its first foray into server virtualization and a key element of the broad management platform the company is creating for Windows.
The science of hurricanes The BBC's Peter Gibbs explains why hurricanes happen, and what can be done to limit their impact.
Why Tech Stocks Stink (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The wit who dubbed August ""the dog days of summer"" could have been looking at 2004's tech stocks in his crystal ball. Just what is ailing these critters? Let's look at all of the possible explanations. Perhaps by eliminating the foolish and transient we can discover a theme and pick up some bargains.
Mercent to help Guess sell on Amazon E-commerce Web services specialist is helping retailers take the guesswork out of setting up shop on Amazon.
How army briefing to families left No 10 on the back foot It was a week ago that it was first disclosed that soldiers from the Black Watch regiment had been told to prepare to deploy to an area south of Baghdad to help out the Americans planning a fresh assault on Falluja.
SAINTS SUCCESS The Saints forced four turnovers and came up with a pair of late stops to preserve a 27-20 victory over the struggling Kansas City Chiefs.
Teck Cominco asks US court to dismiss lawsuit Canadian mining company Teck Cominco Ltd. asked a US court yesterday to dismiss a lawsuit filed against it by a US native group whose land borders Lake Roosevelt, just over the border in Washington state.
Online Travel: The Race Is On! Booking trips on the Web will only get easier, thanks to the ambitions of two business titans
Nikkei Rises for 1st Time in 3 Sessions  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose for the first  time in three sessions to close 0.62 percent higher on  Wednesday after investors found positive signs in revised  Japanese economic growth figures that were sluggish overall.
Ask Jeeves Hoping to Outshine Google (AP) AP - Hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, Ask Jeeves Inc. is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to Web pages they find through the company's online search engine.
Microsoft Feeling Heat from the Penguin LinuxInsider: Microsoft #39;s Steve Ballmer argued that the true amount of shifting from Microsoft to Linux in places like Europe and Asia has been overstated in the media.
Google to begin indexing books If you want to hit the books online - you can point your Internet browser to hit the online search engine Google. The site is inviting publishers to include entire books in its index.
Holmes wins world athletics final Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes has sprinted to an emphatic victory in the women #39;s 1,500 metres on the opening day of the two-day world athletics final.
Mozilla #39;s share is rising The latest web browser usage survey shows Mozilla #39;s share is rising at the expense of Internet Explorer. The browser has increased its market share to 7.4 percent, from 2.1 percent in May.
Gluecode delivers open source BPM engine Hoping to put in place the last missing piece of the Java stack, Gluecode Software and the Apache Software Foundation this week unwrapped Project Agila, which the companies claim is the first embeddable open source BPM engine.
Red Sox Clobber Athletics 7-1 (AP) AP - Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in his return to the Red Sox lineup after missing four games with a jammed right pinkie to start Boston's 7-1 win over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night.
Q A: Open Text CEO on wrestling with regulatory compliance IT managers are struggling to make sure their organizations comply with a raft of regulations on lean IT budgets, according to Open Text CEO Tom Jenkins.
Fannie Mae Said Near Deal on Capital  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Embattled mortgage finance giant  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; was close to a deal with regulators late on  Sunday that would force the company to keep billions of dollars  more in cash on hand while it corrects accounting problems, a  source familiar with the negotiations said.
Hawaiian punch: US finds time for Ching Bruce Arena pushed the right buttons in the United States national team's last match, against Jamaica in Kingston Aug. 18. Brian Ching and Cobi Jones entered the match with the US trailing in the second half, then combined for the tying goal, which could go far in advancing the team to the next round of qualifying for the 2006 World ...
Web Surfers Flock To Family #39;s  #39;Out Of Control #39; Holiday Display Not only does he have 17,000 holiday lights on his Lafayette, Colo., house, he #39;s rigged up an interactive Web site to let virtual visitors turn the lights off and on with the click of a mouse.
Lava Gives Mount St. Helens Eerie Glow SEATTLE - The molten rock rising inside Mount St. Helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night...
Unbeaten Cavaliers a big test for  #39;Noles TALLAHASSEE - Since Florida State joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1992, rarely have the Seminoles lined up without a decided advantage in talent over their conference opponent -t least until Miami showed up this year.
United attack versus Kansas City defense could produce a classic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MLS Cup 2004 has the makings of a classic match-up, pitting the freewheeling attack of DC United against the solidly defensive Kansas City Wizards.
Bank of New York Buys Wilshire Business Bank of New York Co. said Tuesday that its BNY Brokerage Inc. unit has agreed to acquire the execution and commission management business of investment management firm Wilshire Associates for an undisclosed amount.
Chiefs #39; Holmes questionable for Sunday Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against Houston because of a sprained ankle.
Family Tragedy for Yankees Pitcher (New York-WABC, October 10, 2004) - The euphoria of Saturday night #39;s win was quickly overshadowed Sunday, when two relatives of Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera died in a swimming pool accident Saturday night at his home in Panama.
UDO replacing MO faster than expected, says Plasmon Sales of UDO (Ultra Density Optical) discs and drives are going well and the format is replacing MO (Magneto Optical) technology faster than expected, the president of technology developer Plasmon Inc. said in a recent interview.
Kerry Warns of Social Security Changes (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct, 17 -- John F. Kerry accused President Bush of having a secret, second-term plan to privatize Social Security starting in  January, telling a church audience Sunday that the idea is ""a disaster for America's middle class.""
Observations on another Yankees-Red Sox epic series heading into &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  Johnny Damon speaks the truth. Quoth the hairy one after Game 5,  quot;We #39;re going in there with no pressure. It #39;s something we #39;re not supposed to do.
Novel Worms: One Sniffs, Another Talks Anti-virus companies are warning of a new variant of the Sdbot mass-mailing worm that installs a network sniffer in order to grab unencrypted passwords, apparently the first worm to do so.
Bonds should get his chance in Milwaukee Barry Bonds didn #39;t have to worry about another  quot;not-in-my-ballpark quot; manager ordering his team to pitch around the San Francisco slugger.
Moon, Jupiter, Venus slated for get-together Early-morning risers this week will be treated to a wonderful display of planetary motion, as Venus and Jupiter cross each other #39;s path in the eastern sky before dawn.
Space Tourism Seeking Public Investors By JOHN ANTCZAK     LONG BEACH, Calif. (AP) -- It was billionaire Paul Allen's \$20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space...
Strong African Union force needed in Darfur UN officials in Sudan said Friday that they hope an expanded AU force will be deployed in Darfur by the end of the month, after Sudan #39;s foreign minister agreed to allow in 3,500 forces.
Troops sent to protect China dam China is reported to have sent heavily armed troops to protect its huge Three Gorges Dam against terrorist attack.
EU to end transatlantic dispute by lifting sanctions on US imports The EU said yesterday it would end sanctions on US imports in about two months, following the repeal by the US of an illegal export subsidy, and warned the US not to extend
UN Anti-Terror Measures Ineffective -- Experts  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. measures aimed at crippling  al Qaeda have had little impact on the threat of terrorism and  need to be tightened, a panel of outside experts reported on  Thursday.
Advertising Customers Get the Right Message Reston-based Upper Quadrant offers a subscription-based, Web-hosted application that enables companies to compile and share marketing information in a central database.
Dell offers Media Center on the cheap Dell customers can upgrade from Microsoft Windows XP to Dell #39;s XP Media Center operating system for half the price as part of a promotion running from now until Nov. 22.
The Money Man Alan greenspan #39;s official title is Chairman of the US Federal Reserve. But he functions as something akin to America #39;s economic Prognosticator in Chief.
Lucent, Nortel get big Sprint contracts WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks on Tuesday won contracts totaling \$2.5 billion to help Sprint upgrade its wireless network to offer high-speed service.
History on Their Side? It is the Yankees, not the ""cursed"" Red Sox, who have a chance for the worst October collapse in history.
Major graphics flaw threatens Windows PCs Security flaw involving JPEG files affects at least a dozen Microsoft software applications and operating systems.
Rangers Park Twins Chan Ho Park pitches six strong innings in his return from the disabled list and Texas equals its win total from last year by easily defeating Minnesota 8-3.
No. 19 Florida 88, Florida A amp;M 51 Florida A amp;M had played two other ranked teams this season and was blown out both times. Mohamed Abukar scored a career-high 22 points, and No.
2 Arrested in Alleged NYC Subway Bomb Plot NEW YORK - A U.S. citizen and a Pakistani national were arrested in an alleged plot to bomb a subway station in midtown Manhattan, and possibly other locations around the city, police said Saturday...
Baker: Callaway CEO Adds Two New Executive Feathers To Cap Wearing many tam-o #39;-shanters. Callaway Golf (nyse: ELY - news - people ) executive William C. Baker will take the mantles of president and chief operating officer from Patrice Hutin, the company announced Monday.
Analysis / Danny Rubinstein - A new departure in the conflict The abduction of Israeli journalist Riad Ali in Gaza yesterday is an extraordinary event, apparently the first of its kind in the history of the conflict in the territories.
Michael Hill sparkles Jeweller Michael Hill International has seen its annual profit rise 30 due to increased sales, the company says.
Prescription Drugs to Get Electronic IDs The US Food and Drug Administration on Monday announced an anti-counterfeiting initiative that would provide prescription drugs with an electronic fingerprint by outfitting them with tiny chips and antennas.
More Than  #39;Symbolic #39; The Kyoto Protocol is by no means a  quot;mostly symbolic treaty, quot; as a Nov. 6 editorial called it. If all countries -- including the United States -- lived up to the clean-air commitments negotiated in Kyoto, their
Smizik: Kendall deserves chance to play for winning team How appropriate that the trade that finally sent Jason Kendall out of Pittsburgh would come on Thanksgiving eve. There can be no more thankful player in baseball than
Fears of split in Reliance group premature: Business India: Mumbai, Nov 21 : As millions of Indians are held in thrall by reports of a family feud in Reliance Industries, the country #39;s largest company, experts say it would be premature to talk about a split as yet.
Canadian Stock-Index Quotes Halted Amid Power Failure (Update2) A power failure at a London facility of Reuters Group Plc prevented Standard  amp; Poor #39;s from providing quotes on Canada #39;s benchmark stock indexes, including the S amp;P/TSX Composite Index and the S amp;P/TSX 60 index, Reuters said.
Australia firm after Jakarta bomb \Australia says it will not be cowed by terrorism, after a bomb at its embassy in Indonesia kills nine people.
Michigan State Blows Out No. 19 Minnesota (AP) AP - Drew Stanton passed for 308 yards and ran for 102 more, setting a school record for total offense, to lead Michigan State to a 51-17 victory over No. 19 Minnesota on Saturday.
Giants #39; Tim Carter done with hip injury Wide receiver Tim Carter of the New York Giants will miss the remainder of the season because of a hip injury. Carter suffered a fractured hip socket during the third quarter
Housing starts jump 8.3 percent Washington, DC, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- The US Commerce Department said Tuesday a dip in mortgage rates helped boost home-building activity in July 8.3 percent after falling 7.7 percent in June.
PeopleSoft: Oracle's Offer Is Inadequate (AP) AP - Oracle Corp.'s  #36;21-per-share hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. isn't good enough for shareholders to accept, PeopleSoft director A. George ""Skip"" Battle said Wednesday.
Oil Tops \$44, Heating Supply a Concern Oil prices surged nearly 6 percent on Wednesday as the US government reported a fall in heating oil stocks in the midst of the season #39;s first arctic cold blast in the Northeast.
Wish you were here TOKYO -- Want a wireless, hand-held game player that plays movies, music, and more? Meet the Sony PlayStation Portable known as PSP.
SEC seals settlement with Ahold WASHINGTON Ahold, the Dutch food retailer, and three of its former top executives have agreed to settle US securities fraud charges related to overbooking of profits, the company and US regulators said Wednesday.
Gadget of the week: Catch and hold radio programs For those who would like more control over when and how they listen to radio shows, whether classical music in the afternoon or a soccer game at midnight, there is a new option from Griffin Technology: the RadioShark.
2 Aid Workers Are Freed After 3 Weeks in Captivity Two Italian aid workers kidnapped 21 days ago in an audacious daylight raid were freed Tuesday, the prime minister of Italy announced.
HP cues iPod in big product push Hewlett-Packard brands its own version of Apple's music player and introduces a line of consumer products.
Lenovo buys IBM PC business IBM, which revolutionised the global computer industry when it launched its first desktop in 1981, has sold its PC business to a Chinese group in a \$1.75bn (900m) deal, it was confirmed today.
Retailers Seen Posting Modest Nov. Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. retailers are expected to post  modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; already cutting its holiday outlook on high  oil prices and warmer weather.
Lonesome whale #39;s high-pitched voice baffles biologists A LONE whale with a mysterious voice that matches no other species has been discovered roaming the Pacific, it was revealed yesterday.
Telstra to pick CEO, time sale TELSTRA #39;S board, not the Federal Government, would decide who would replace Ziggy Switkowski as its new chief executive, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Court Wades Into Prison Sentence Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court returned for another term Monday and wasted no time getting down to business, appearing poised to alter the system used for sentencing 64,000 federal criminal defendants a year.
Stocks Are Up Despite Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - Buyers put a positive spin on equities Wednesday, shrugging off rising crude futures as Google Inc. prepared to sell its stock in an initial public offering, albeit it at a far lower price than previously forecast...
Almunia Warns on Rise of Oil Prices (AP) AP - Persistently high oil prices may force the European Union's head office to lower its forecast of 2.2 percent economic growth in the euro zone next year, EU Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said Wednesday.
China Cracks Down on I-Cafes Internet cafes that fail to enforce the strict rules governing their use are being shut down by the government. Also: Companies worry that the spyware buck will stop with them   hellip;.  High-tech outsourcing to India continues    hellip;. and more.
Nets sign Lawrence Frank to four-year contract extension The deal was announced by the team Thursday, about 12 hours after the worst opening-night loss in Nets #39; history, 100-77 to Shaquille O #39;Neal and the Miami Heat.
Peer-to-Peer Companies Win in Court Grokster, Morpheus not liable for user's actions, appeals court says.
Cup veteran Love sure to be future US captain Davis Love, the man with the elegant swing and demeanor to match, is the most experienced member of the US Ryder Cup team. Love, 40, has been a mainstay for the Americans
U.S. Salvages Bronze Defeating one of three teams that beat them earlier in the tournament, the U.S. men's basketball team tops Lithuania, 104-96.
Judge Approves MyTravel Survival Plan A High Court judge on Wednesday approved a debt-for-equity survival plan developed by MyTravel, clearing the way for the troubled travel company to present the proposal to shareholders and creditors next month.
Skype takes VoIP software to the Mac The Net phone-calling provider is testing a version of its software and service for Apple fans.
DaimlerChrysler posts \$1.27 billion US profit after loss last year Automaking giant DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned nearly \$1.2 billion US in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its US Chrysler arm, rebounding from a big loss a year ago when it had a
Limited Brands Operating Earnings Rise Retailer Limited Brands Inc. (LTD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted higher quarterly earnings before special items as clearance sales at its Express apparel stores and cost-cutting boosted results.
Scientists Crack Chicken #39;s Genetic Code Scientists have cracked the genetic code of the chicken, showing it shares about 60 percent of its genes with humans and has a common ancestor that lived about 310 million years ago.
Macromedia Puts Custom Storefronts at EBay Users #39; Fingertips Mom-and-pop shops doing business online have long struggled with the fact that they look just like the diminutive outfits they are.
Players discuss tougher testing policy Phoenix -- Baseball #39;s union leaders, facing calls from some of its members to crack down on steroids, will discuss changing its drug-testing policy today after reports of Barry Bonds #39; and Jason Giambi #39;s explosive grand jury testimony in the BALCO case.
Brewer Helps Push Up Altria Profit Altria Group Inc. (MO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Tuesday posted higher quarterly profit, as higher income from its stake in brewer SABMiller Plc (SAB.
Soriano injured in steal attempt Besides suffering a 5-4 loss to the A #39;s on Thursday, the Rangers saw All-Star second baseman Alfonso Soriano suffer an injury to his left leg while stealing third base in the eighth inning.
Nate Archibald hired as coach of Jam Nate Archibald, a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame and the NBA #39;s 50th anniversary all-time team, was hired as coach of the American Basketball Association champion Long Beach Jam on Tuesday.
Sports: Holmes added 15-hundred to 800 title ATHENS, Greece Britain #39;s Kelly Holmes has a rare middle-distance double at the Olympics. She came from behind to win the women #39;s 15-hundred today in Athens.
OPEC Expects Oil Prices to Recover Next Week as Cuts Are Made OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s oil, expects prices will recover from their second-largest drop this year as nations enforce yesterday #39;s decision to lower output, ministers said.
Australian Record Industry action against operators of Kazaa  quot;We are very pleased to see the Australian music industry bringing the operators of Kazaa to court. The Australian case claims that Kazaa is violating copyright on a massive scale, misleading its users and
Tensions erupt in Haitian capital Shots are fired at a protest in Haiti's capital Port-au-Prince as looting impedes the relief effort flood hit Gonaives.
Expedition 9 Crew Returns to Earth NASA -- International Space Station Expedition 9 crewmembers, Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA Science Officer Mike Fincke landed on target in the steppes of Kazakhstan at 8:36 pm EDT Saturday after 188 days in space.
Rapper collapses and dies at 35 Rap artist ODB collapses and dies, aged 35, while working in a recording studio.
HP Shutters UDC Hewlett-Packard has decided to break up its Utility Data Center (UDC) program, according to company spokespeople. A long-term initiative dating back to the late 1990s, the UDC program aimed to provide enterprises
Update 1: Report: Yukos to Halt Refinery Supplies The board of Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos will halt crude supplies to Baltic refinery Mazeikiu Nafta until the end of the year, the Interfax agency reported Monday - just hours after Yukos confirmed a similar move involving a Chinese company.
Nokia, Vodafone Partner on Mobile Service Architecture Nokia and Vodafone, in conjunction with Sun Microsystems, would define the licensing framework of the initiative, while the role of creating and licensing the Technology Compatibility
IDC Raises '04 PC Outlook, Trims Forecast  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Market research firm IDC has raised  its 2004 forecast for global personal computer sales growth to  14.2 percent from 13.5 percent, driven by high commercial  demand, it said on Monday.
Cardiac Researchers Make Surprising Heart Find PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- Newlywed Marc Schlotthauer had just returned from his honeymoon in California and fallen asleep in his Stayton bedroom, when his heart stopped cold...
Pinochet Faces Tax Charges in Chile Chile's Internal Tax Service filed a criminal complaint against former ruler Augusto Pinochet after an investigation of his accounts at Riggs Bank in Washington. Riggs was not a subject of the complaint.
Approval for New Stadium in Washington Hits a Snag The plan to finance a new stadium for the relocated Montreal Expos has exposed a schism within the District of Columbia's City Council and among its citizens.
EDS again postpones Q3 earnings report An ongoing review of its Navy Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI) contract has forced embattled services provider Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) to again postpone its financial report for its third fiscal quarter, the company said Wednesday. EDS also announced its audit committee is conducting an internal investigation on a separate matter.
Unisys plans to cut 1,400 workers Unisys Corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, or nearly 4 percent of its work force, and consolidate some facility space, moves that will help yield annualized savings of about \$70 million a year by 2005.
Cable  amp; Wireless slashes jobs but rewards investors Cable  amp; Wireless drew a line under 50 years of corporate history yesterday by announcing it was relocating its London head office to Bracknell while unveiling a new organisational
Yesterday in parliament The prime minister insisted no decision had yet been taken on sending British troops to relieve US allies in Iraq. Repeatedly challenged at prime minister #39;s question time, Mr Blair said it was a military decision
Ransacked Bills 0 for 2 in sloppy loss (September 20, 2004) - OAKLAND, Calif. -ike Mularkey had his back against a cement block wall deep inside Network Associates Coliseum late Sunday.
Note left on body had death threat THE HAGUE, Netherlands Officials in the Netherlands say the killers of an outspoken filmmaker are also threatening a Dutch politician.
Report: Cleric swap for hostages Arabic-language news channel Al-Jazeera has reported hostage-takers in Iraq are demanding Indonesia #39;s government release Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;asyir in exchange for two female hostages.
Microsoft Lists Apps Affected by XP SP2 (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 software programs that require tweaking in order to work with its most recent Windows update.
Bunch of TDs from Brady Northeastern quarterback Shawn Brady engaged in an aerial duel with Villanova's Marvin Burroughs, but the Huskies held on to win, 34-30, at Parsons Field yesterday because their defense took advantage of the lone turnover in the game.
Yahoo buys MusicMatch SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo just bought the most expensive jukebox ever. But the price was anything but a few quarters. Yahoo bought online jukebox provider Musicmatch.
Survey Says: Cell Phones Left Out Telephone surveys are the meat and potatoes of political polling groups. But as more Americans switch from land lines to cell phones, a growing segment of the population may be left out of the equation. By Daniel Terdiman.
Suicide Bomber Kills 12 in Attack on Iraqi Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber plowed into  policemen waiting to collect their salaries at a police station  west of Ramadi Monday, killing 12 people in the latest  insurgent attack on Iraq's beleaguered security forces.  At least 10 people were wounded in the blast, and 90 percent of  the casualties were policemen, said Nazar al-Hiti, a doctor in  the town of Hit around 125 miles west of Baghdad, where the  dead and wounded were taken.
US Blasts All Parties in Darfur Conflict UNITED NATIONS - The United States on Tuesday accused all parties in the 22-month conflict in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region of complicity in a growing humanitarian disaster and demanded that those responsible be held accountable for atrocities and attacks
Tennis: Dementieva triumphs Elena Dementieva beats Jennifer Capriati in a third-set tie-break to set up an all-Russian US Open final .
GAME DAY RECAP Tuesday, September 14 Felipe Lopez gave the Cincinnati Reds the lead in the sixth inning with his bat and made sure they kept it in the ninth with his glove.
Ivan Leaves Long Trail of Damage Along Gulf Although downgraded to a tropical storm, Ivan is still churning a deadly path north leaving a death toll of 75, including 38 in the United States.
Sony Ericsson  amp; Cingular Wireless introduce Z500a The Sony Ericsson Z500a is available for connection to Cingular #39;s EDGE (Enhanced Data for Global Evolution) network. The new mobile phone features a built-in digital camera with zoom, a built-in video camera
Unusual Number of Storms Hit Land in Fla. (AP) AP - First it was a one-two punch of Tropical Storm Bonnie and the devastating Hurricane Charley. Then came Hurricane Frances just three weeks later.
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Boston University at Harvard, 7 p.m.; Wesleyan at Emmanuel, 7 p.m.; Emerson at Babson, 7 p.m.; Plymouth St. at Tufts, 7 p.m.; Newbury at Salem St., 7 p.m.; Merrimack at Bentley, 7:30 p.m.; Curry at Eastern Nazarene, 8 p.m.; Clark at Brandeis, 8 p.m.; Endicott at Gordon, 8 p.m.; WOMEN -- Becker at Emerson, 6 p.m.; ...
FA investigate Stanford Bridge crowd chaos The Football Association has started an investigation into crowd trouble at Chelsea #39;s League Cup match with West Ham at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.
Seoul enhancing ties with Latin America President Roh Moo-hyun #39;s visit to the so-called  quot;ABC quot; nations of Latin America - Argentina, Brazil and Chile - in the next several days is aimed at building a strong beachhead for Korean companies.
Pier 1 Imports #39; profit falls 43.3 percent FORT WORTH, Texas -- Pier 1 Imports Inc., a home furnishings retailer, said Tuesday its second-quarter income fell 43.3 percent due to a 3 percent drop in stores open at least a year.
Polls show a tough fight: PM POLLS out today giving the coalition a lead over the Labor Party proved how close the contest would be, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Baseball drug taker dies Ken Caminiti, a former National Baseball League most valuable player who in 2002 admitted he used steroids, has died in New York at the age of 41.
The Rundown 15 Arizona State at 1 USC  &lt;em&gt;3:30 p.m., pay-per-view &lt;/em&gt;&lt;br&gt;If you need proof that the Pacific-10 is loaded with quarterbacks, get your eyes on this game, because it may be your best opportunity to see ASU's Andrew Walter, who has the talent and experience to remain poised against USC. After throwing for 428 yards against Iowa, Walter completed just 47.6 percent of his passes and averaged 144 yards in wins over Oregon State and Oregon. Still, compare Walter (249.8 yards per game, 15 touchdown passes, 1 interception) to USC's Matt Leinart (237.4 yards, 10 TDs, 3 INTs). Throw in ASU's excellent pass defense, and the Sun Devils have a chance.
OPEC meets to decide production quota A meeting of OPEC members this week will decide whether to increase its production band and prices, or lower them, amid wildly oscillating oil markets.
Oracle exceeds August quarter earnings forecasts NEW YORK, September 15 (New Ratings) - Oracle Corporation (ORCL.NAS) reported its 1Q FY05 earnings ahead of expectations, despite a 36 year-over-year decline in the company #39;s enterprise application software sales during the quarter.
Phillies to keep Wagner, Rodriguez The Philadelphia Phillies Friday picked up the options on two pitchers, including closer Billy Wagner. Under the terms of his contract, Wagner, 33, will be paid \$9,000,000 next season.
AG Edwards Profit Misses Forecasts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brokerage firm A.G. Edwards Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AGE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said quarterly earnings rose 8 percent as  expenses declined, but sluggish equity markets caused profit  and revenue to fall short of analysts' forecasts.
Two pieces of jewelry in vault From soaring heights to missed opportunities, the feel-good ride of the United States track and field team hit a couple of potholes last night even
Nortel trims layoff plan Telecommunications equipment maker Nortel Networks will not lay off as many employees as it previously predicted, the company said Thursday.
3M says profits surges, fails to impress market NEW YORK : US technology group 3M, which makes everything from sticky Post-it notes to medical products, announced a surge in profits but failed to impress the markets.
Google Partners with Oxford, Harvard  amp; Others to Digitize &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Google has announcing five new content partners and a massive scanning project that will bring millions of volumes of printed books into the Google Print database.
Steelers Defense Takes a Hit; Two Placed on IR (Reuters) Reuters - The Pittsburgh Steelers\defense suffered a major blow on Wednesday when the team placed\Pro Bowl nose tackle Casey Hampton and safety Mike Logan on the\reserved/injured list, effectively ending the season for both\players.
6 U.S. Soldiers Killed in Iraq Attacks BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attack and roadside bombings killed six American soldiers, the U.S. command said Wednesday, as U.S...
Robbo is all Hearts Hearts has named its former goalscoring champion John Robertson as its new manager following the departure of Craig Levein to Leicester.
270K Fewer Workers Will Have Been Hired In 2004--ITAA Staffing trends--including offshore outsourcing--continue to strip IT workers from their jobs, according to the trade association.
S.Korean president faces test over capital relocation plan In a hastily organized news conference, South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun #39;s Spokesman Kim Jong-min on Thursday told reporters that the Presidential Office will
Report: EU Close To OK #39;ing Oracle Takeover Of PeopleSoft Amid reports that the European Commission is poised to approve Oracle #39;s proposed takeover of PeopleSoft, a spokesperson for the European Union said Friday that the EU #39;s competition commissioner, Mario Monti, would like to finish the case before he leaves
Browns Finally Get '64 Trophy to Keep (AP) AP - Forty years later, Jim Brown and his Cleveland Browns' teammates huddled together one more time as NFL champions. On an emotional night of laughter and a few tears, it felt like Dec. 27, 1964, again.
Chechnya to hold presidential election Russia #39;s restive republic of Chechnya will elect a president to replace Akhmad Kadyrov, the pro-Moscow leader killed last May, the BBC reported Sunday.
No. 22 Alabama 114, East Tennessee St. 77 Earnest Shelton scored 24 points and Ronald Steele had a school-record 18 assists to lead No. 22 Alabama to a 114-77 rout of East Tennessee State on Wednesday night.
Thunderbird 1.0 takes on Outlook Express, Eudora The Mozilla Foundation today is set to release Version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client, an open-source application aimed at competitors, including Microsoft's Outlook Express and Qualcomm's Eudora.
Don #39;t ditch that home phone for VOIP service just yet, experts &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK -- AT amp;T Corp. expects to have one million voice-over-Internet customers by the end of next year, while cable TV giant Comcast Corp.
China-Backed Search Engine Accoona Debuts (Reuters) Reuters - Accoona Corp., whose investors\include China's state information agency, unveiled its new Web\and business search system on Monday and said revenue would be\drawn from advertising services supplied by Yahoo Inc.
Gold surges as dollar falls again The euro jumps to an all time high against the dollar as signs of declining business confidence in Germany increases fears about European competitiveness.
Mylan Labs rebuffs Icahn takeover offer WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Mylan Laboratories (MYL) , responding to the latest in a series of letters from investor Carl Icahn, reasserted its position that acquiring King Pharmaceuticals (KG) is in the long-term interest of the generic drugmaker and its
Briefly: More money for fuel cells roundup Plus: Linux release features Windows support...Gmail delivered to desktops...Chinadotcom mobile services suspended...Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions...Mitsubishi expands solar production.
ONGC acquires West Australian co, signs MOU with Karnataka Bangalore: The Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) acquired a Canadian off-shore oilfield in West Australia yesterday, its Chairman and Managing Director, Mr Subir Raha, announced today.
Cink increases lead in Ohio USA Ryder Cup wildcard Stewart Cink increased his lead to five shots after three rounds of the WGC Invitational at the Firestone Country Club in Ohio.
Schumi seals seventh title SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS, AUGUST 29: Michael Schumacher claimed a seventh world championship despite only finishing second behind Kimi Raikkonen at an incident-filled Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Top End for No. 10 Cal Finally Healthy (AP) AP - Almost the only thing Chase Lyman has kept healthy while playing football is his head.
Dollar Claws Back Some Ground Against Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar clawed back some ground  against the yen on Tuesday after data suggested that Japanese  economic growth had slowed, but remained within sight of record  lows against the euro.
Fireworks in Store as Agassi Takes on Federer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Andre Agassi, darling of the New York  crowd, meets world No. 1 Roger Federer in a mouthwatering  quarter-final at the U.S. Open on Wednesday as the year's final  grand slam bursts into life.
Italian PM acquitted of attempting to bribe judge HAMISH ROBERTSON: The Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, has been acquitted of attempting to bribe a judge after a marathon court case that #39;s divided the nation.
Oil Up 6 As US Heating Stocks Fall Oil prices surged more than two dollars on Wednesday as the US government reported a fall in heating oil stocks and cold weather gripped the US.
Colts down Titans in divisional clash CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Edgerrin James rushed for 124 yards and scored a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns Sunday to lift the Indianapolis Colts to a 31-17 victory over the Tennessee Titans.
Saturn #39;s moon Titan comes into focus today Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan does a star turn today, getting a close-up from the international Cassini-Huygens space probe. Larger than Mercury and Pluto, Titan is a full-fledged
EBay takes stake in Craigslist SAN FRANCISCO - Online auction giant eBay Inc. has acquired a 25 percent stake in San Francisco classified advertisements Web site Craigslist, the companies said Friday.
Low jobs growth savages US stocks WEAK job growth figures and record-high oil prices pulled the rug from under US equities on Friday, despite soothing words from General Electric about the state of the American economy.
Cisco acquires software developer for \$55 million Firm says it's buying Dynamicsoft and its SIP-based development tools to help win new business with broadband and wireless providers.
Sharon Wins Support for Gaza Plan Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a critical vote in Israel #39;s parliament Wednesday in favor of his plan to withdraw Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip.
Google slashes IPO price range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google, the world #39;s most popular Web search engine, has slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95 per share from between \$108 and \$135 per share.
Browns' Garmon Injures Knee (AP) AP - Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon is probably done for the season after tearing knee ligaments during Cleveland's loss in Baltimore.
Pau Edges Yao in Clash of the Giants  ATHENS (Reuters) - Spain's Pau Gasol got the better of  China's Yao Ming in Olympic basketball's own clash of the  giants Sunday.
U.S. Gasoline Prices Fall to \$2.01/gallon  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The average U.S. retail price of  gasoline fell 2.67 cents in the past two weeks, its first  decline since early September due to increased crude oil  production, a leading industry analyst said on Sunday.
Rare Whales Said Tangled Off Carolina Coast (AP) AP - Two endangered Atlantic right whales have been spotted tangled in lines off the coast of the Carolinas, and the crews of ships in the area have been asked to look for them.
US Airways asks court to end 3 union contracts, pensions US Airways yesterday asked a US Bankruptcy Court to wipe out the collective bargaining agreements of 20,000 employees, terminate the pensions of 53,000 existing
EBay Takes Control of Korean Affiliate EBay, the world #39;s largest Internet auction house, increased its stake in Internet Auction, the biggest online auction company in South Korea.
Indonesian Police Detain Seven People on Terror Links Indonesian police have detained seven people linked to terrorism since last week #39;s bombing outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta that killed nine people and wounded 182, officers said on Friday.
Teen in the dock for first Madrid bombings trial (AFP) AFP - A teenage youth was due in the dock for the first trial of a suspect implicated in the Madrid train bombings, which killed 191 people in Spain's worst terrorist attack.
Salesforce.com expands call center support The most significant product advancement is Salesforce.com's newly released Telephony API tool kit, which allows its sales automation software to integrate with products from partners.
DirecTV to Sell Half of Hughes Systems Rupert Murdoch's DirecTV Group Inc. will sell half its stake in Hughes Network Systems Inc. to SkyTerra, a company controlled by a New York private equity firm, the companies said Monday. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Michael S. Rosenwald&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Kraft Foods shedding units? Reports say No. 1 food company may divest Oscar Mayer, Post cereal lines and candy units. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Kraft Foods may put its well-known Oscar Mayer, Post cereal and Altoids brands up for sale as the No.
'Doom 3' Game Unlikely for Xbox This Year - id CEO (Reuters) Reuters - The Xbox version of ""Doom 3,"" the\long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,\is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to\enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it.
South American leaders vow to create an EU-styled political union With the European experience in their minds, South American leaders meet this week in Cuzco, the millenarian capital city of the Inca #39;s Empire in Peru, in an attempt to set the basis of the political unification of the continent and speed up the
Greece Fires Air Force Chief Following Deadly Helicopter Crash Greece has fired its air force chief after 17 people, including a top Greek Orthodox cleric, died in a helicopter crash Saturday. The Air Force #39;s Lieutenant General Panagiotis Papanikolaou was blamed for the
Dollar #39;s decline concerns UK bank LONDON The possibility of a further slide in the dollar and a decline in demand for US assets has become a potential risk to financial stability, the Bank of England said on Monday in its semiannual Financial Stability Review.
Langer, Ponting make Pakistan toil Australia led Pakistan by 312 runs with nine second-innings wickets in hand when lunch was taken on the third day of the first test at the WACA in Perth on Saturday.
Bankers wait for extradition news Three UK bankers must wait until the middle of October to see if they will be extradited to the US over an Enron-related case.
Iraq 'on track for January poll' Iraqi PM Iyad Allawi says elections will take place in January as scheduled, despite continuing violence.
Small companies star as market rises A recovery in resource stocks and some star performances from smaller companies have helped the Australian share market back into the black today.
IBM Reveals Blade With Room For Two SCSI Drives IBM is now offering enterprises the ability to add two small form-factor SCSI drives internally to the five new HS20 models of BladeCenter systems, which are based on the 2.8 GHz to 3.6 GHz Intel Xeon-processor with 64 bit extensions.
Oil Price Tops \$55; Heating Supply Low Oil closed above \$55 a barrel Friday for the first time as traders worried about low stockpiles of heating oil and strong economic growth in China.
Scotland leans toward approving smoke ban OBAN, Scotland -- Retired nurse Carolyn Rowe carries vivid memories of cancer patients she treated and says their suffering drives her strong support for Scotland's plan to ban smoking in all enclosed public places.
Skype Delivers Mobile VoIP (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Voice over Internet calling is now available for \PDA users, with \Skype Technologies officially launching software designed for handhelds running the Microsoft Windows Pocket PC operating system.
Wet Summer Dampens Cadbury Profits Confectionery group Cadbury Schweppes today said it was expecting full-year profits towards the lower end of hopes after a difficult summer for its European drinks business.
University to Build Zebra Fish Center (AP) AP - Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh are hoping that the thousands of zebra fish living in their Biomedical Science Tower South will one day help identify genes involved in human disease and development.
Verizon Wireless Boosts Parent Company (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Verizon Communications (NYSE: VZ) posted profit of US #36;1.796 billion for its third quarter, up from  #36;1.791 billion a year ago. The company attributed the slight rise to its wireless segment, which brought in an additional 1.7 million wireless customers.
India test-fires new supersonic missile NEW DELHI: India test-fired a supersonic cruise missile yesterday, launching it off the Indian coast, a local news agency reported.
Baseball: Yankees add page to long Red Sox tale of misery BOSTON At the First Baptist Church here, a few blocks from Fenway Park at the corner of Commonwealth and Clarendon, the subject for this Sunday #39;s service is:  quot;Why Does God Allow Suffering?
Top court OKs UFJ-MTFG merger talks The Supreme Court on Monday gave the go-ahead to merger negotiations between UFJ Holdings Inc. and Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc.
US probe stirs Cdn. insurance market An investigation by the New York Attorney General has insurance companies in Canada scurrying to review their commission policies.
Gilat and Cisco collaborating on satellite interface routers Gilat Satellite Networks (TASE, Nasdaq: GILTF) has entered into an OEM (original equipment manufacturer) agreement with giant telecoms equipment manufacturer Cisco Systems.
Seybold: PDA Users Will Support Wi-Fi Costs (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Mobile computing pioneer Andrew Seybold says PDA users ""will pay the freight"" to keep Wi-Fi networks in business. He also weighs in on other wireless trends at the CTIA Wireless show in San Francisco.
Stocks Fall as Energy Shares, J J Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks slipped on Tuesday as a sharp  drop in oil prices hurt energy shares and health-care company  Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; fell following a report of a possible  \$24 billion takeover of Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Crude Oil Rises for First Session in Six on Iraq Supply Concern Crude oil futures rose for the first time in six sessions on concern that a cease-fire in Najaf, Iraq, won #39;t eliminate attacks on oil facilities in the Middle East #39;s fifth-biggest oil producer.
Iraq body  #39;not Japanese hostage #39; A body found in Iraq first thought to be that of 24-year-old Japanese hostage Shosei Koda is now likely to be someone else, according to Japanese officials.
No. 18 Arizona 61, Michigan 60, OT Lute Olson paced in front of his bench all night, obviously frustrated with his team. In the end, though, his Madison Square Garden streak remained intact.
Revs Sneak Into Playoffs On Final Day Needing three points to vault into fourth place ahead of the Fire, the Revs found a way to scrape into the postseason at the last gasp, as goals from Clint Dempsey in the 55th minute and Steve Ralston in the 58th minute downed Chiacgo 2-1 and sent the
APP aims to complete restructuring by end January Asia Pulp  amp; Paper, the largest corporate defaulter in emerging markets history, said on Monday it aimed to have a restructuring in place by the end of January for a majority of the
A Rash Product That Sells Itself COVINGTON, La. - Retired Louisiana pharmacist George Boudreaux hasn't needed Madison Avenue pitchmen to get the word out about his concoction to treat diaper rash...
Dillard #39;s Posts Narrower 2Q Loss Dillard #39;s Inc. posted a narrower second-quarter loss Wednesday due to cost cutting, but missed Wall Street expectations by a whopping 15 cents per share.
Champion Irish Horse Fails Second Dope Test  DUBLIN (Reuters) - A second blood sample taken from  Waterford Crystal, the horse Cian O'Connor rode to win  Ireland's only gold medal at the Athens Olympics, has also  tested positive for banned substances.
About-face for Heels Rashad McCants wasn #39;t thinking about last year at Kentucky. Jawad Williams said last year was last year. And Sean May was thinking more about his last game than North Carolina #39;s Jan. 3 defeat at Rupp Arena.
AT T creates local Net telephony plan Telecommunications giant tries to attract consumers who make few long-distance calls with a \$20-per-month local plan.
Doctors Need More Medical Devices for Babies Frustrated doctors say they too often find themselves jury-rigging adult medical devices to fit children's tiny bodies and special needs. Now pediatric experts have begun a major push to fill the gap.
Lego CEO resigns after profit warning COPENHAGEN Predicting a full-year loss, the Danish toy maker Lego said Thursday that its chief executive had resigned as the company had yet to recover from a financial crisis.
Yacht race sails onto mobiles Fans of sailing can watch one competitor in the Vendee Globe challenge from the convenience of their mobile.
FBI supplier readies secure Linux Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
A Tiger-like run, a Vijay-like year for Sorenstam And her four-year run as the No. 1 player on the LPGA Tour is equally impressive, if not more, to the way Tiger Woods dominated the PGA Tour during a five-year stretch.
Tobacco Rider Adds Fire To Corporate Tax Bill House Republican negotiators beat back Senate efforts to more aggressively regulate tobacco and to more strictly limit tax shelters Tuesday as a congressional conference committee moved toward approving the most significant corporate tax legislation in two decades.
Holdsclaw Speaks Out The Mystics' Chamique Holdsclaw said Thursday she is suffering from depression.  The affliction caused her to leave the team in midseason.
Hotel workers being locked out at ten hotels A labor dispute between San Francisco hotel workers and management is spreading to more hotels in the city. Employees at ten major hotels are being been locked out from their jobs today.
Beleaguered firm renegotiating bank lines Insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday it is renegotiating terms of \$2.8 billion of backup bank financing after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued the company last week.
FDA Warns Cyberonics on Manufacturing (Reuters) Reuters - Medical devices maker Cyberonics Inc.\ on Monday said it received a warning letter from the\U.S. Food and Drug Administration saying the company's \response to issues involving manufacturing practices at its\Houston operations has been insufficient.
Ford Down, Nissan Up in September Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  posted its fourth\consecutive month of weaker U.S. sales with a 7 percent drop in\September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its\incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.
Windies skittle Pakistan Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq gambled and lost as his team were routed by West Indies for 131 from 38.2 overs in the second Champions Trophy semi-final.
Deadline Set for Hostages in Afghanistan Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan said they would give officials until Friday to meet their demands that the United Nations withdraw from the country and the US release Guantanamo Bay prisoners.
Cox family to take cable giant private The family that controls cable giant Cox Communications Inc. (NYSE: COX) will take the company private after raising its offer to buy out shareholders to \$8.
CPP board tabs Denison TORONTO -- David Denison, current president of Fidelity Investments Canada, is taking over in January as the president and chief executive of the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.
Homers by Pujols, Rolen Power Cards to Victory Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen hit back-to-back home runs in the eighth inning to lead the St Louis Cardinals to a 6-4 win over the Houston Astros in Game Two of the NL Championship Series at Busch Stadium on Thursday.
Spurrier should pass on returning to Florida Wanted: one football coach. Prior head-coaching experience required (fool us once, shame on us). Must be able to win big yesterday.
Mortgage rates sink on jobs report NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Mortgage rates edged lower as a weak employment report pointed to a softer economy, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.
Opera to launch browser for Windows Mobile Move signals a shift in strategy for company that competes against Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser.
Longhorn Delay Stirs Dismay, Delight in Developers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - While many applaud the timely release of Avalon and Indigo and Microsoft's decision to ""stop dreaming and wake up,"" others warn the company that it is eroding its credibility and letting Linux make usability gains.
Plane turns back after hitting bird (AFP) AFP - A British tourist flight travelling to Paris turned back shortly after take-off when the plane struck a bird.
Royal Dutch-Shell to boost spending Anglo-Dutch energy company Royal Dutch-Shell will boost capital spending to \$15 billion a year during 2004-06 to build proven reserves.
Ohio State Routs Indiana COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Troy Smith threw for 161 yards and two touchdowns, leading the Ohio State Buckeyes to a commanding 30-7 victory over the Indiana Hoosiers in Big Ten action from Ohio Stadium.
IRAQ U.S. Air Strike Kills Two in Iraq's Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. planes bombed the Iraqi city of\Falluja overnight, killing two people, in a new strike on\rebels digging in for an expected U.S.-led offensive.
Bush Signs Law Expanding Rights of North Koreans to US Asylum US President George W. Bush signed legislation expanding the rights of North Korean citizens to seek refugee status in the US and authorizing \$24 million a year in humanitarian relief through 2008.
Two killed in Baghdad mosque clash; Iraqi troops prepare assault &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD (AFP) - Iraqi national guardsmen raided a Sunni mosque in Baghdad after Friday prayers, sparking bloody clashes, an AFP correspondent reported, while in the northern city of Mosul US-backed Iraqi commandos were poised to storm rebel strongholds.
Toyota: Some security firms promise too much The head of information security at Toyota spoke candidly this week to an audience of press, analysts and IT bosses about his concerns over claims made by some security vendors and resellers.
An Exceptionally ""EEVL"" Search Resource One of the most respected engineering gateways on the web has just released four new databases providing free access to hundreds of online scientific and technical journals.
TSMC, Freescale to jointly develop chip technology TAIPEI - Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (TSMC), the world's largest contract chip maker, has teamed up with Freescale Semiconductor Inc. to jointly develop SOI (silicon-on-insulator) technology for chips made using a 65-nanometer (nm) process, the companies said in a statement Tuesday.
Jordan #39;s king leaves for France and Italy Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II left here Monday on a two-day working visit to France and Italy, Jordanian TV reported. The king will hold talks with French President Jacques Chirac
Board: Stock Options Must Be Treated as Expenses In a final statement on a stock-options rule, the Financial Accounting Standards Board says that companies must treat employee stock options as an expense on financial statements beginning in 2005.
EU Court Overturns Bar on Merger  LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - The European Commission was wrong to  bar the takeover bid by U.S. telecoms firm WorldCom for rival  Sprint, a European Union court said on Tuesday, annulling the  action taken four years ago.
Jags in First Place in AFC South (AP) AP - Their are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record, The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.
IBM looks to restore iSeries' 'luster' At a gathering of hundreds of iSeries users at at Common's Fall 2004 conference in Toronto, IBM officials agreed with users that the company needs to push the system's viability and versatility more.
US Economy: 3rd-Qtr GDP Grew 3.7, Confidence Ebbed (Update2) The US economy grew at a slower-than- expected 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter as rising oil prices contributed to a record trade deficit and companies added less to inventories.
Microsoft, Swatch Partner on Wireless Watch Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a smart wristwatch that receives news, sports, weather and other information using Microsoft #39;s MSN Direct broadcast technology.
Protesters Attack Fox's Car in Mexico Border City  CIUDAD JUAREZ, Mexico (Reuters) - Public health and  education workers kicked and punched a sports utility vehicle  carrying Mexican President Vicente Fox on Friday as he toured  Ciudad Juarez on the U.S. border, local media said.
France to launch global TV news The French prime minister says a French-language satellite TV news channel will be launched next year.
Liberty Tops No. 19 Kansas State, 77-56 (AP) AP - Liberty took advantage of No. 19 Kansas State without Kendra Wecker, snapping the Wildcat's 35-game regular-season home winning streak.
Barry makes political comeback in Washington (AFP) AFP - Marion Barry, the former mayor of Washington who was caught taking cocaine, has made a new political comeback in the US capital.
Maradona on Christmas Break from Drug Rehab  HAVANA (Reuters) - Diego Maradona left Cuba on Sunday,  interrupting his cocaine-addiction therapy to spend Christmas  at home with his family in defiance of his doctor's advice.
Stocks Open Higher, Shrug Off Oil Spike (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,\with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil\producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through\the  #36;50 a barrel mark.
Black  #39;to resign from Hollinger #39; Lord Black is to resign as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc, clearing the way for the board to consider his offer to buy the firm.
Mariners Edge Angels 3-2 (AP) AP - Bobby Madritsch pitched shutout ball into the ninth inning to beat Jarrod Washburn, and the Seattle Mariners hung on to defeat the Anaheim Angels 3-2 Tuesday night.
Federer has world playing catch-up Roger Federer was on his way out of Flushing Meadows on Sunday evening and heading back to Manhattan when a small group of excited children stopped him for his autograph.
Powell Prods N. Korea to End Nuclear Programs Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, in Asia to prod North Korea to return to talks on ending its nuclear programs, said Sunday that while there is still time to resolve the impasse, ""there is a sense of urgency.""
Stocks Set to Open Up; Grey in Spotlight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on  Monday, with advertising group Grey Global &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GREY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GREY.O&lt;/A&gt; in the  spotlight after a UK rival agreed to a \$1.31 billion deal to  buy the company, while investors will be eyeing higher oil  prices and awaiting economic releases later in the week.
Cink wins by four shots STEWART CINK cruised to a comfortable four-shot win at the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio today. Cink started the day with a five-shot cushion and, while it wasn #39;t all smooth sailing, Rory Sabbatini was the
Two Blasts Hit Northwest Spain After ETA Warnings  MADRID (Reuters) - Explosions rocked containers in two  separate coastal cities in northwestern Spain on Saturday after  a Basque newspaper received a telephoned warning in the name of  the armed Basque separatist group ETA, state radio said.
AMD desktop chips edge ahead of Intel Figures from ZDNet Germany labs show AMD's fastest chips outpacing its rival's for mainstream applications.
Ferreira was a major headache at big ones Maybe a morbid thought, but wouldn't this be a fitting epitaph on Wayne Ferreira's tombstone:
Australia to LA in 1 hour as jet smashes speed barrier A HYPERSONIC jet fuelled by Australian technology has smashed the world speed record reaching 10 times the speed of sound at 11,265km/h.
Branson earmarks \$300m for mobile JV in China Virgin Group chief Richard Branson said on Tuesday he has earmarked \$300 million for a cellular phone joint venture in China, the worlds largest mobile market by users.
Convention Timing Gives Bush Money Edge (AP) AP - John Kerry cut his campaign spending sharply last month in an effort to stretch  #36;75 million in government funding, but he still started September with several million less than President Bush.
PeopleSoft  #39;Poison Pill #39; Hearing on Ice A federal judge has postponed his decision on PeopleSoft #39;s last hostile takeover defense against Oracle until next month. Delaware Chancery Court Judge Leo Strine said he would need more information from both
SanDisk sues STMicroelectronics Company files patent infringement lawsuit and asks trade commission to halt shipment of rival's flash memory into United States.
Despite Mega-Deals, Small Mergers Rule (Reuters) Reuters - Despite the euphoria of one of the\busiest weeks in U.S. mergers and acquisitions in almost five\years, Wall Street investment bankers cannot live by mega-deals\alone.
NBA Wrap: Timberwolves Rout Sixers by 35 Points (Reuters) Reuters - Eddie Griffin scored a career-high 27\points and Latrell Sprewell returned from suspension to score\24 as Minnesota clobbered the Philadelphia 76ers 119-84 in
Pistons defense falters Detroit gives up more than 100 points for second time this season, turns ball over 23 times. By Chris McCosky / The Detroit News. DENVER -- The Pistons were the perfect guests here Thursday, providing the struggling
Attorney General and Commerce Secretary Resign From Cabinet John Ashcroft and Don Evans are the first members of President Bush's cabinet to leave as he heads into his second term.
Hook could come for Zook He tried to make the words sound determined and defiant, but the sound of Ron Zook #39;s voice had a tired inevitability about it.
Fong, First Asian-American Senator, Dies (AP) AP - Hiram L. Fong, a son of immigrants who overcame poverty to become a millionaire businessman and the first Asian-American elected to the U.S. Senate, died Wednesday. He was 97.
Blockbuster Offers  #36;700M for Rival Chain (AP) AP - Blockbuster Inc., facing new attacks from big retailers and online operators, has offered  #36;700 million for rival Hollywood Entertainment Corp. in a bid to combine the two biggest players in the movie-rental industry.
Pak wants US intervention in Kashmir: World News: Lahore, Dec 15 : Pakistan has expressed its desire for the Bush administration #39;s intervention to help Islamabad sort out all of its conflicting issues with New Delhi.
Diamonds robbed from Louvre Two diamonds worth over \$14 million were robbed mid-afternoon from an antique dealers #39; show at the Paris Louvre museum yesterday.
UPDATE 1-SEC steps up probe of Krispy Kreme US securities regulators have ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , looking at how it repurchased some of its doughnut franchises, the company said on Friday.
Mace Shares Up 75 Pct on New Product Shares of Mace Security International Inc. (MACE.O: Quote, Profile, Research) soared more than 75 percent on Tuesday after the maker of personal defense products said it had developed a new pepper gel to stop attacks.
Favre's Mother Falls Ill on Book Tour (AP) AP - Brett Favre's mother was hospitalized Thursday with stomach pains, interrupting her book tour.
Macromedia starts meter on Web conferencing New pay-as-you-go pricing for Breeze Live service is meant to attract small businesses.
State seen missing out on tourism opportunity Europeans are flocking to the United States to shop, drawn by a weak dollar that promises cheap holiday shopping excursions. But some say Massachusetts businesses are missing out because \$2 million earmarked for international tourism marketing is sitting untouched.
Back-to-school, politics spur spam to new heights BOSTON - Spurred by back-to-school sales and political pitches, spam e-mail accounted for 82 percent of all the inbound e-mail processed during August, and made up 90 percent of all mail sent during one spam-filled day last month, according to an e-mail security firm.
Italy govt set to begin European Constitution ratification The government, keen to make Italy the first country to ratify the EU constitutional treaty, was setto greenlight the necessary bill in a cabinet meeting late Friday afternoon.
Digging In at Phelps Dodge Big copper has provided big results, but what's next for the share price?
Sony and Samsung to Cross-License Patents  TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; and Samsung  Electronics &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=005930.KS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;005930.KS&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday they had agreed to  share patents on basic technology to speed up product  development and avoid adding to a growing number of  cross-border patent disputes.
Life (Insurance) Is Cheap -- for Now The cost of term life insurance has never been cheaper. On that, industry experts agree. Over the past decade the price of term life insurance, the plain vanilla type that offers coverage only for a set number
Italian Hostages Released in Iraq Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi confirmed on Tuesday that two female Italian aid workers who had been taken hostage in Iraq had been released and turned over to the Italian Red Cross.
Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle (AP) AP - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final. Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries.
Myanmar to release another 5,000 prisoners: state radio YANGON (AFP) - Myanmar said it would release a second batch of prisoners taking the total announced in a week to more than 9,000. The military regime said it would free 5,311 prisoners on top of the 3,937
Anti-terrorism, security issues likely to be key agenda items in Bush visit (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - For George W. Bush, who has defined his presidency in terms of fighting terror, national security is a must which trumps almost all other issues.
Two Russian Planes Crash, Cause Unclear (Reuters) Reuters - Two Russian passenger planes crashed\almost simultaneously, killing all 89 people on board in what\investigators said on Wednesday was probably a freak\coincidence but might have been a terrorist attack.
'Mercenaries' appeal in Zimbabwe More than 60 suspected mercenaries are to appeal against their convictions in Zimbabwe over a coup plot.
Annan Starts Reshuffling UN Staff for Reform Push  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan on Monday chose the high-profile British head of a key  agency as his new chief of staff, the start of a reshuffle  aimed at instituting U.N. reforms and combating scandals.
Britain welcomes Kufuor victory in Ghana (AFP) AFP - Britain congratulated Ghanaian President John Kufuor on his election victory, and praised the west African state for holding free, fair and transparent elections.
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; filed seven  lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for  transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually  explicit content, the world's largest software maker said on  Thursday.
English soccer legend Clough dies A spokeswoman for Derby City Hospital said that the manager was pronounced dead on Monday morning. Clough, who underwent a successful liver transplant in 2003, had been diagnosed with stomach cancer but only
New al-Qaida Tape Airs Two days before the third anniversary of the September 11th attacks, a new tape from an Osama bin Laden deputy has aired. The al-Qaida man says US forces have been driven into the  quot;trenches #39; #39; in Afghanistan.
Peaceful Olympics closes with 102 US medals ATHENS, Greece - Under a well-timed full moon to conclude a near-cloudless three weeks, the 2004 Summer Olympics came to an end Sunday night with music, dancing and the last of nearly 1,000 medals.
Industrial Production Inches Up in Sept. (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. industrial output inched up a\less-than-expected 0.1 percent in September, suppressed in part\by hurricanes that hit the United States that month, the\Federal Reserve said on Friday.
Petro-Canada prices sale of 19 stake SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The Canadian government will sell its 19 percent stake in Petro-Canada for \$2.49 billion, according to the final prospectus filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission Thursday.
NFL: For 3 teams, 3 ways to winning in overtime For only the second time in league history, a safety provided the winning points in overtime when the Chicago Bears beat the Tennessee Titans, 19-17, on Sunday in Nashville.
Small steps, big strides It certainly isnt the most massive lineup that Milwaukee Bucks coach Terry Porter can put on the court. When the Bucks employ their  quot;small quot; lineup, Joe Smith moves from power forward to center.
Profile: Cambodian King Nears End of Long Political Career Cambodia #39;s legislature has voted to allow a nine-member council to choose a successor to 81-year-old King Norodom Sihanouk, who abdicated last week.
Time has been on Gay's side Rookie cornerback Randall Gay has had increased playing time the last two weeks in sub packages against the pass, and Ty Law has taken notice.
Companies slash fees for Net phone plans AT amp;T said yesterday it was slashing the fee for its Internet phone plan, CallVantage, to \$29.99 a month for unlimited local and long-distance service.
Lubbers suggests Darfur autonomy The UN High Commissioner for Refugees, Ruud Lubbers, has suggested that the Sudanese government should grant more autonomy to the Darfur region in an effort to end the violence there.
Billy Joel Marries 23-Year-Old Fiancee (AP) AP - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said. Joel, 55, wed Lee in a sunset wedding at his waterfront home, Newsday reported in its online editions. Columbia Records, Joel's label, announced the marriage Saturday night. A spokeswoman for Joel could not immediately be reached for comment.
Oil Rises on OPEC Cut Talk, Saudi Attack (Reuters) Reuters - World oil prices ticked up from a\three-month low on Monday as traders looked for OPEC to take\action to stem a slide which knocked 14 percent off crude\prices last week.
Arafat #39;s top lieutenants en route to Paris Palestinian leaders rushed to Paris on Monday to check on the critically ill Yasser Arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted - setting the stage
CA Airs Wireless Manager Officials at Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) announced the availability of an application aimed at simplifying and strengthening Wi-Fi networks.
Computer doubles as telephone If you #39;re already paying for high-speed Internet service, why not make the most of your money? Those cables aren #39;t just good for downloading sports scores, they can digitally transmit and receive phone calls, too.
Burma army intelligence  #39;purged #39; A Burmese opposition group says there has been a purge of high-ranking military intelligence officials since the departure of the ex-prime minister.
Scientists Develop Fast Diagnostic Test for Bird Flu (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists in Hong Kong and China\said Wednesday they have developed a test to detect bird flu\infections in humans within hours, which could give health\officials an important tool for controlling the killer virus.
Napster launches download chart Online music service Napster teams up with Virgin Radio to launch a music download chart.
NFL Wrap-Manning Near Record as Colts Beat Texans (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning continued to close in\on the NFL record for single season touchdown passes on Sunday,\firing two TD strikes as the Indianapolis Colts eased past the\Houston Texans 23-14 to clinch the division title.
Open Source Needs an Arbitration Board (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: The ongoing intellectual property fight between Furthermore and Miro shows the need to address possible IP conflicts before they become public or courtroom battles.
Researchers find holes in XP SP2 Security researchers inspecting a new update to Microsoft Corp.'s Windows XP found two software flaws that could allow virus writers and malicious hackers to sidestep new security features in the operating system.
Video Shows G.I.'s at Weapon Cache A videotape shows a huge supply of explosives still at Al Qaqaa munitions complex nine days after the fall of Baghdad.
Swiss Voters Endorse Limits on Stem Cell Research Swiss voters endorsed restrictive legislation on stem cell research Sunday that forbids the cloning of human embryos and put Switzerland on a par with some other continental European countries.
Europe Mission to Moon Called Success (AP) AP - A small spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, signaling Europe's first successful mission to the moon and paving the way for the craft to be used to study the lunar surface, a European Space Agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Defective Hearing Implants Recalled An unspecified number of cochlear implants to help people with severe hearing loss are being recalled because they may malfunction due to ear moisture, the US Food and Drug Administration announced.
Jamal Lewis Suspended for Two Games (Reuters) Reuters - Baltimore Ravens running back\Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay and fined\an additional two weeks' salary by the league on Friday for\violating the NFL substance abuse policy.
UPDATE 1-Tommy Hilfiger shares fall 24 pct on US probe Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. (TOM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 24 percent on Monday morning after the clothing maker said a federal grand jury subpoenaed documents from
Ancient fossil offers new clues to brown bears past While nosing around the Quaternary mammal collection at the Provincial Museum of Alberta two years ago, Paul Matheus, a paleontologist with the Alaska Quaternary Center, came across a brown bear fossil that seemed out of place.
NHL: Canadians Find Saturday Night Lacking Fever  TORONTO (Reuters) - It is Saturday and time for ""Hockey  Night in Canada."" But there is just one problem for hockey-mad  Canadians -- no NHL.
Sudan hopes for normalised ties with Washington Sudan on Thursday welcomed the re-election of President George W. Bush and expressed hope that ties with Washington, strained over the Darfur crisis which the United States called genocide, would be normalised.
Cannons' Gill fit for playoffs The Boston Cannons lost their last regular-season game but it really didn't matter. They had already clinched a spot in the Major League Lacrosse playoffs. What mattered was that attackman Conor Gill went down with a left knee injury in the fourth quarter and was out for the rest of the game.
Intel Launches Storage Processor Intel also unveiled a key optical design win with Emulex Corporation and a new compiler for storage applications. Intel introduced the 64 bit-capable Low Voltage Intel Xeon Processor 2.8 GHz with 800
McDonald #39;s CEOs display pattern of chronic disease Embattled McDonald #39;s has lost its second CEO in the past year after Charlie Bell resigned today to continue his battle with cancer.
Sprint-Nextel: First Marital Tiff The proposed merger of Sprint and Nextel Communications could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
Thompson #39;s perfect delivery extends Celtic #39;s domination Celtic yesterday fixed the seventh seal on their domination of Rangers when a volcanic strike by Alan Thompson produced the only goal of the first Old Firm derby of the season at Celtic Park.
Symantec: Attacks Targeting E-Commerce Internet-based assaults continue to be a major concern, according to a new report from security software maker Symantec. The time from discovery of a vulnerability to attacks exploiting that vulnerability is shrinking.
Grand Theft tipped to top games chart When the violent video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas hits stores on Tuesday, its sales could eclipse Hollywood #39;s most successful films, even as it draws the ire of critics.
A Quiet Struggle for the Conservationist Vote The fight for the support of conservationists, hunters and anglers is being waged from the pages of Field and Stream magazine to the strategy sessions of the Sierra Club.
Goldman Profit Rises; Revenue Disappoints  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. on Thursday  said fourth-quarter profit rose 23 percent on strong  fixed-income and commodities trading results and investment  banking gains, but shares fell as revenue missed expectations.
Virginia Tech Seeks Luster Against USC (AP) AP - Three straight late-season stumbles have taken the luster off Virginia Tech. Now the Hokies are looking to get it back, and there's no better way to do that than to knock off No. 1 Southern California.
Africa music star awaits verdict A Paris court is set to deliver its verdict on Congolese pop star Papa Wemba, accused of people-smuggling.
Warne says new ICC rules on chucking could cause confusion Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne said Thursday a new proposal on bowling deliveries in cricket - brought about by the  quot;chucking quot; controversy involving Sri Lanka #39;s Muttiah Muralitharan - could cause confusion for umpires.
Duffield:  Oracle's skewing facts on stock sales PeopleSoft's CEO fires back at rival, saying it's wrong about his stock transactions. Both companies scramble ahead of Friday deadline.
Egypt arrests five over Sinai bombings CAIRO (AFP) - Egypt announced it had arrested five of the nine men who bombed Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago, saying the attackers used stolen cars packed with old war-time explosives and a washing-machine timer.
Westpac Reports 16.3 Percent Profit Boost Australia #39;s fourth largest bank, Westpac Banking Corp., announced Monday a 16.3 percent rise in net profit in fiscal 2004 and said it was confident of strong performance next year despite intensifying competition.
'New' giant ape found in DR Congo Scientists discover a new group of giant apes in central Africa, which could be a new species of primate.
Moments of unforgettable Olympics Paul Hamm of the USA celebrates with his coach after scoring a 9.837 in the horizontal bar to claim victory in the men #39;s artistic gymnastics individual competition on August 18, 2004, during the Athens 2004 Summer Olympic Games at the Olympic Sports ...
Leaders Attend UAE President #39;s Funeral The United Arab Emirates appointed Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan as its president Wednesday, hours after burying his father in a funeral that attracted thousands of mourners and nine heads of state to this desert nation on the Arabian Peninsula.
NFL ROUNDUP Ogden Is Likely to Join Roll of Missing Ravens By The Associated Press. Baltimore left tackle Jonathan Ogden, who has a pulled hamstring, will probably miss the Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.
Memphis Re-Signs Gasol to Multi-Year Deal (Reuters) Reuters - The Memphis Grizzlies\signed All-Star forward Pau Gasol to a multi-year contract on\Friday. Terms of the deal were not announced.
Nokia aims handsets at the cocktail set Nokia yesterday launched three new tri-band phones with fashion inspired designs that have allowed the company to add a twist to the common keypad.
Sex-bias suit filed against Costco A Costco Wholesale assistant manager sued the warehouse-club chain yesterday in federal court, alleging the company #39;s promotion policies keep women from seeking out the top two positions at its stores.
Dell puts Sun in shade on server share MARKET RESEARCH firm IDC said that revenues in the worldwide server market grew by 5.5 per cent in the third quarter of this year, valued at \$11.5 billion.
Canada set to press US on softwood VANCOUVER -- Canada will step up political pressure on the US government to drop punitive duties on Canadian softwood lumber imports in the wake of a pivotal trade ruling.
Ponting questions format Captain Ricky Ponting has questioned how much smaller teams can benefit from playing against the top teams in the ICC Champions Trophy.
US Stock-Index Futures Are Little Changed; Citigroup, GE Slip US stock-index futures were little changed. Dow Jones Industrial Average shares including General Electric Co. slipped in Europe. Citigroup Inc.
Europe and Iran to meet again on nuclear issue (AFP) AFP - Europe's three key states are to meet again with Iran in Vienna to hear Tehran's response to their offer for it to avoid possible UN sanctions and receive nuclear technology by indefinitely suspending uranium enrichment.
Stewart lawyers file appeal NEW YORK (CNNfn) - Attorneys for Martha Stewart have filed an appeal in the US Court of Appeals for the Second District claiming that the process leading to her conviction was tainted.
Correction: FDA-Drug-Imports Story (AP) AP - In a Sept. 28 story about the interception of drugs purportedly sent from Canada, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the medications had been ordered by Americans from the Web site www.CanadaRx.com. The drugs were ordered through www.CanadaRx.net.
Update 4: Microsoft Judge Calls Surprise Meeting A European Union judge said Thursday he will continue to take into account testimony from the EU #39;s biggest former allies in its antitrust case against Microsoft, an indication their desertion would not affect the case.
Hostage video distress LONDON: The British and Irish governments called yesterday for the immediate release of Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq, with London saying the videotape showing her crying was  quot;extremely distressing quot;.
Different date, same story Anyone who hoped the decision to move this year #39;s Wales Rally GB from its usual place on the World Rally Championship calendar would result in easier and safer driving conditions had a rude awakening on the first full day #39;s competing.
Update 2: Gambro to Pay \$350M to Settle Fraud Case The nation #39;s third-largest operator of renal-dialysis clinics has agreed to pay the federal government \$350 million to settle civil and criminal charges that it defrauded Medicare, a US attorney said Thursday.
Japan, US sign missile defense cooperation memo Japan and the United States signed an agreement Friday on the details of their joint development of a ballistic missile defense system.
Lady Thatcher  #39;paid son #39;s bail money #39; Sir Mark Thatcher bought the freedom to leave his Cape Town mansion yesterday when he paid South Africa #39;s authorities bail money of 165,000.
Hurricane postpones Louisville-Tulane game until December Tulane officials have postponed Saturday #39;s football game against Louisville because of the threat of Hurricane Ivan. Tulane officials said in a statement Tuesday that the game is tentatively rescheduled for the weekend of Dec. 4 at the Superdome.
UN under fire for rejecting the voice of Taiwan After 12 years of failure it is time for Taiwan to adopt a new strategy in its quest to gain a seat at the United Nations, Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen () said yesterday.
MGM DEAL FALLOUT MAY MEAN TIME WARNER-COMCAST FEUD Comcast swooped in to save Sony Corp. #39;s bid for MGM Corp., but highly-placed people on Wall Street are now wondering what the real price will be.
Edwards Appeals to Women on Terror Issue (AP) AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Tuesday sought to blunt growing support for President Bush among women voters and others concerned about national security by campaigning with a Sept. 11 widow in two states that suffered losses in the terrorist attacks.
Online Stock Trading Gets Cheaper Doing business from home is about to get easier. Charles Schwab Corp. will lower fees next month in a move that could trigger a price war as online brokers battle for customers.
Opec to cut oil output in defence of price The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed yesterday to cut the supply of oil to world markets and defend higher prices in spite of concern about
Celtics enjoy fruits of labor As the end of regulation neared Monday night at Staples Center, a visiting scout watched coach Doc Rivers go through a series of fiery paroxysms and asked,  quot;Is Doc always this emotional? quot; Yes, but as Rivers watched the Celtics rally from a 12-point, fourth-quarter deficit, his display was clearly different.
Court Won't Put Nader on Ballot in Ohio (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to put independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader on the ballot in the battleground state of Ohio.
With a New Spirit, the Red Sox Tackle Their Haunted Past Eighty-six years after the Boston Red Sox last won the World Series, the franchise is again facing its rivals and its ghosts.
News Corp posts strong results LOS ANGELES: Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp has posted a 28 per cent rise in quarterly profit as strong results in newspapers, broadcast and cable television countered weaker performances in its film and Italian pay-TV divisions.
Jury Selection Begins in Bryant Rape Case Three hundred residents of Eagle County, some in Porsches and some in battered pickups, arrived at the small rural courthouse in this mountain village
Google Browser - The Future of the Internet? Editor - FirstScience.com. I have been experimenting of late with various internet browsers as potential replacements for Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Monster Says It Could Enter Japan by Mid-2005 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Internet job search company\Monster Worldwide Inc.  could enter the Japanese market\next year as strength in its European businesses allows it to\look further afield, the company's founder said on Monday.
Australian Stolz Hits Title Jackpot in Las Vegas  LAS VEGAS, Nevada (Reuters) - Australian Andre Stolz, way  down in 217th place on the PGA Tour money list at the start of  the tournament, scored a surprise victory at the \$4 million Las  Vegas Invitational on Sunday.
Aghahowa out of Barcelona tie Shakhtar Donetsk #39;s Nigerian striker Julius Aghahowa will miss next week #39;s Champions League match against Barcelona with a knee injury.
Blair apologises for Iraq intelligence, not war British Prime Minister Tony Blair has remained defiant at a Labour Party annual conference, but admitted that some mistakes had been made over the war in Iraq.
El Duque Restores Order in the Bronx (AP) AP - Orlando Hernandez was one of the few people in New York unaware of the final score of the historic rout the Cleveland Indians handed the Yankees.
Mahathir  #39;frustrated #39; with corruption in Umno KUALA LUMPUR - Former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad said he is utterly frustrated that the Malay party he helped develop into Malaysia #39;s dominant political force has become riddled with corruption and bribery.
Stage set for perfectionist Langer London: Meticulous preparation and attention to detail will characterise Bernhard Langers captaincy when his European team defend the Ryder Cup against the US at Oakland Hills next week.
Weak GM, Ford Sales Spur Production Cuts?  DETROIT (Reuters) - Hurricane Charley's damaging path  through Florida and the growing ineffectiveness of sales  incentives caused U.S. car and trucks sales to slip in August,  raising the likelihood of costly cuts in vehicle production,  analysts said.
Seminoles' Beitia Gets Another Chance (AP) AP - Xavier Beitia is the latest in a line of Florida State kickers to come up short  #151; or more specifically, wide  #151; in the clutch against Miami.
Briefly: IronPort spam shield gets steelier roundup Plus: Via brings PCI Express to AMD PCs...Rice lab makes nano parts less toxic...TV chip company gets \$19 million.
Administration ignores global warming warnings Yes, we know you don #39;t like that news, but it #39;s science - good science from what we can tell. A new four-year international report by 300 scientists from the United States and seven other countries that was
Novell sues Microsoft over WordPerfect Novell Inc. on Friday filed an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft Corp., accusing the software giant of unfairly eliminating competition for office productivity applications during the time Novell owned the WordPerfect word processing application and the Quattro Pro spreadsheet application.
Oil Rises to Record Near \$51 as Hurricanes Curbed US Output Crude oil prices rose to a record in New York and London after hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico curbed US production for more than three weeks, slowing the accumulation of supplies to meet winter needs.
Chinese Official Disputes GM Claim (AP) AP - A top Chinese commerce official said Monday that General Motors Corp. hasn't provided enough evidence to prove that a local company copied one of its car models.
BEA grabs CA exec to head product group BEA Systems Inc. has hired the Computer Associates International Inc. executive responsible for CA's Unicenter line of enterprise management software to head BEA's product development group.
Reciprocal Link Scams Reciprocal Link Scams\ \Reciprocal link scams are on the rise. It is no secret that most search engines count the quantity and quality of incoming links to a website when deciding how to rank it. In fact some give weight to the ratio of incoming links versus outbound links. This ...
Liverpool legend Emlyn Hughes dies (AFP) AFP - Former England and Liverpool captain Emlyn Hughes has died from a brain tumour aged 57.
Giants: How they won WHY IT HAPPENED Tom Coughlin won his first game as Giants coach and immediately announced a fine amnesty for all Giants. Just kidding.
Mobiles kill off more phone boxes \Thousands of loss-making phone boxes face the axe as mobile phone use soars in the UK, says BT.
Spyware vs. spyware Even as many online marketing companies struggle to comply with recent federal legislation governing unsolicited commercial e-mail -- spam to you and me -- new state and federal legislation addresses another online blight: spyware. From California to Washington, D.C., lawmakers are lining up for the chance to smack down this bothersome byproduct of online commerce.
Three U.S. Presidents Urge U.S. Relief Aid (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush brought together\former presidents George Bush and Bill Clinton on Monday to\launch an appeal for Americans to make a donation to help\victims of the South Asia quake and tsunamis.
Pippen makes one final smooth move Scottie Pippen played the sidekick to basketball's greatest star, creating a partnership the Chicago Bulls parlayed into an NBA dynasty with six titles in the 1990s.
Soaring oil prices largely falling flat as campaign issue SILVER SPRING, Md. -- Alan Goldstein pulled his silver BMW Z3 up to a Crown gas station here and filled the tank for \$22.40 -- nearly twice what he paid a few years ago.
Lastminute.com chairman Allan Leighton to step down (AFP) AFP - Online travel agent and retailer Lastminute.com said its chairman, Allan Leighton, will step down in January 2005 and be replaced by Brian Collie, currently a non-executive director.
BenQ Readies IPod Rival (PC World) PC World - Hard-drive based digital audio player will be available by the end of the year.
Dollar Slumps on Regional Factory Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar sagged on Thursday,  pressured by a sharply weaker-than-expected U.S. regional  manufacturing survey, but the currency remained rangebound as  dealers awaited comments on U.S. inflation due next week from  the Federal Reserve.
Telecom Q1 Result On Track Telecom reported first quarter net earnings after tax of \$193 million, an increase of 19.1 percent on the same quarter in 2003. Reported net earnings included an abnormal item of \$10 million relating to the
AMD Opteron Chills Out with Power Management PowerNow has been included in all Opteron chips that have been on the market since mid May, but the feature cannot be used until instructions are built into the operating system.
Google To Build World #39;s Biggest Virtual Library Google announced an agreement Tuesday with Oxford University and some of the leading US research libraries to begin converting their holdings into files that would be freely searchable over the Web.
Autopsy Performed on Ken Caminiti An autopsy was performed on Ken Caminiti on Monday, though the cause of the 1996 National League M.V.P.'s death may not be known for 10 days.
Red Sox retrospective The last time the Boston Red Sox won the World Series, Woodrow Wilson was president, suffragettes were demanding that women get to vote and doughboys were  quot;over there, quot; fighting a war in France that wasn #39;t called World War I because
GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 6:00 PM CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Ticker) -- The Detroit Shock face a critical road test Saturday when they take on the Charlotte Sting at Charlotte Coliseum.
Scientists Think Data From Space Capsule Can Be Salvaged Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission's science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
FDA Rejects AstraZeneca's Exanta  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. regulators on Friday turned  down AstraZeneca Plc's  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AZN.N&lt;/A&gt; anti-clotting drug  Exanta, following the advice of an advisory panel on which some  members had voiced doubt about the drug's safety and  effectiveness.
Gough takes helms of Livingston Former Scotland captain Richard Gough was named as Livingston coach on Tuesday. Gough, 42, who also captained Rangers and Everton and played for Tottenham Hotspur, Nottingham
Chelsea plea to FA over Mutu Chelsea have asked the Football Association to hold on to Adrian Mutu #39;s registration while the club investigate ways of gaining compensation for sacking the player.
Dollar May Gain on Speculation Fed Will Raise Interest Rates The dollar may rise for a second day against the euro in Asia on speculation Federal Reserve policy makers will raise the key interest rate in a meeting today and signal more increases to come.
Martin #39;s legs carry Jets They #39;ll remember Chad Pennington for that renegade scramble into harm #39;s way, risking that suspect shoulder on a torrid third-down tear deep into Texans #39; territory.
Berlusconi gets on early election footing (AFP) AFP - Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has put his centre-right government on an election footing by announcing a cut in income tax in a bid to win back voters' confidence, with polls still 18 months away.
Iraq asks nuclear watchdog back Iraq invites the UN nuclear watchdog to check on the disappearance of materials from its former nuclear sites.
UN vote due on Syria resolution The UN Security Council is due to vote on a draft resolution calling on Syria to withdraw its troops from Lebanon and respect Lebanese sovereignty.
News: Aussie 419 ringleader jailed for four years An Australian 419 fraudster who conned AU\$5m from his victims was today jailed for four years on 10 counts of fraud and one of perverting the course of justice by the NSW District Court theage.com.au reports.
Hoping for a new kind of Mukata Muhammad Bardawi, 77, has witnessed Ramallah #39;s Mukata compound in all its incarnations: as a British Mandate police station, a Jordanian army post, an Israeli civil administration camp, the seat of the Palestinian Authority government, and now a shrine to
Saboteurs Halt Oil Exports In Southern Iraq 30 August 2004 -- Oil exports from southern Iraq have completely ceased following a series of pipeline attacks by saboteurs. Two senior officials from the South Oil Company, speaking on condition of anonymity
Expos' Former Limited Partners Seek Block (AP) AP - Lawyers for the former limited partners of the Montreal Expos plan to ask a federal judge to block major league baseball from moving the team.
Grizzlies 101 Trail Blazers 82 Wells scored 25 points and the Memphis Grizzlies won on the road for the first time this season by beating the Portland Trail Blazers, 101-to-82.
Report: FBI Finds Link Between P/11, Madrid Bombs (Reuters) Reuters - The FBI has established the clearest\link yet between the March 11 Madrid train bombings and the\Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, a Spanish\newspaper reported Sunday.
DaVita to buy dialysis clinics for \$3.05 billion The Swedish company Gambro AB will sell a division to an El Segundo company for \$3.05 billion in cash. Gambro Healthcare US, the division being sold, operates clinics for patients undergoing kidney dialysis and has 565 clinics and 43,200 patients.
Q A: Sun's Jonathan Schwartz on the Solaris 10 launch With Sun Microsystems set to detail its plans for Solaris 10 on Monday, Sun President and COO Jonathan Schwartz spoke with Computerworld about what the company has up its open-source sleeve.
IBM buys content integration developer IBM Corp. has agreed to acquire content integration software maker Venetica Corp., a move that continues IBM's pattern of snapping up its business partners to augment its software portfolio.
Playing with poise With the exception of some late-game trash-talking between the Boston bench and some boisterous New York fans at Madison Square Garden, the Celtics handled their first win of the season with considerable restraint. There were high-fives and hugs, but nothing over the top despite a 34-point rout of the Knicks Saturday night.
Williams to lead scholarship drive at Maryland The University of Maryland plans to raise \$200 million for scholarships, a campaign that basketball coach Gary Williams will head and seed with \$500,000 of his own.
New league, same stakes for Hokies, Canes CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After years of battling for supremacy in the Big East, Miami and Virginia Tech will now do the same in the Atlantic Conference Coast.
Polish hostage released in Iraq back home A Polish woman, who was kidnapped in Iraq last month, has been released and flown back to Poland. Teresa Borcz Khalifa, who was brought to Poland on Friday evening, appeared
Olympics: Ireland #39;s O #39;Connor claims Olympic show jumping gold ATHENS : Ireland #39;s Cian O #39;Connor, riding Waterford Crystal, won the Olympic individual show jumping title at the Markopoulo equestrian centre.
Surviving the IPO From Hell Months ago, when the idea of Google #39;s inevitable IPO could be discussed by its leaders only in hypothetical terms, cofounders Larry Page and Sergey Brin were trying to explain
Steroids Harmful for Head Injury Patients By Ed Edelson, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Giving steroids to reduce brain swelling can be deadly for patients with severe head injuries, according to the largest study ever done on the subject.    The research, which included more than 10,000 patients treated at 239 hospitals in 49 countries, found that 21 percent of those who were given steroids died within two weeks, compared to 18 percent of those given a placebo...
Al-Sadr Calls on Militia to Stop Fighting BAGHDAD, Iraq Aug. 30, 2004 - Rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called for his followers across Iraq to end fighting against US and Iraqi forces and is planning to join the political process in the coming days, an al-Sadr aide said Monday.
Trade gap widens Oil prices, Chinese imports lift August trade deficit more than forecasts to just short of record. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US trade deficit widened more than expected in August to its second-highest level
Microsoft Recommends Throttling Back SUS For SP2 Microsoft on Wednesday posted advice for enterprises relying on Software Update Services (SUS) to prevent network slowdowns and server bottlenecks as they update thousands of PCs to Windows XP Service Pack 2 ...
Baghdad Suicide Car Bomb Kills at Least Four (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomb exploded on Tuesday\at a police post near an entrance to the fortified Green Zone\complex in Baghdad, killing at least four people, a policeman\at the scene said.
New trojan program squashes adware A new Trojan horse program that attacks and removes troublesome advertising software, known as ""adware,"" is circulating on the Internet, according to antivirus company Symantec Corp.
Sudan Says No Darfur Self-Rule, Questions Rebel Talks  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan on Monday ruled out any notion  of self-rule for Darfur and said rebels in the western region  would not secure the same concessions agreed with southern  rebels after two decades of war.
Transsexual drives off to score a first on the golf course Golf is not a sport renowned for being at ease with gender issues. Many of the game #39;s great clubs refuse to admit women, and the occasional inclusion of women in men #39;s professional tournaments has caused consternation from Arran to Augusta.
Google Plans Desktop Search Tool for Apple PCs Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc.
X-Men Legends sequel in development Raven Software hard at work on follow-up to Activision #39;s recently released Marvel superhero RPG. Hot-off-the-press copies of X-Men Legends haven #39;t even cooled down yet, but Activision isn #39;t resting on its laurels.
U.S. Commander: More GIs Needed in Iraq (AP) AP - The United States will boost its forces in Iraq to a record number of 150,000 in coming weeks because inexperienced Iraqi troops cannot ensure security for next month's national elections, the commander of U.S. forces in Iraq said Saturday.
Carling Cup: United and Liverpool through as Newcastle are out United who fielded effectively a reserve side, overcame Crystal Palace with first half goals from Louis Saha and Kieran Richardson.
Ivan Remnants Turn Fatal Along East Coast WHEELING, W.Va. - Remnants of Hurricane Ivan made a violent mark across the Southeast and the Appalachians, where several people were killed by falling trees and floods that washed away scores of roads...
Futile death of innocent THE sheer bastardry displayed by militants who kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan and who are now widely believed to have killed her has stunned the world.
EU iTunes Music Store A European Union version of Apple #146;s iTunes Music Store gives music fans in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal and Spain the same innovative features and breakthrough price of  #8364;0.99 per song that have made iTunes the number one online music service in the world. Apple will launch the iTunes Music Store in Canada in November. Oct 26
MGM shares jump 7.5 pct; report suggests deal near Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. (MGM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) shares jumped more than 7 percent on Wednesday on a report that a deal to acquire the company for up to \$5 billion could be announced as early as next week.
Lawyers say Australian terror suspect likely to be freed from Guantanamo (AFP) AFP - Lawyers for Australian terror suspect Mamdouh Habib were confident he would soon be released from the US naval base at Guantanamo Bay.
Samsung: Memory, LCD prices to drop; sales to rise While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace
Xstrata threatens to pull offer Xstrata yesterday threatened to withdraw its hostile 2.9 billion takeover offer for WMC if the Australian miner indicated it would dilute value by paying out up to A\$1 billion in cash to shareholders.
Palestinians Hope to See Ailing Arafat Despite Row  PARIS (Reuters) - Senior Palestinian officials hope to see  Yasser Arafat in a French hospital on Tuesday after traveling  to Paris despite a war of words with the Palestinian  president's wife.
Latest back-tax bill raises Yukos debt to 9bn Yukos shares plunged 18 on the Russian exchange yesterday after reports that the oil firm has been hit with another back-tax bill, bringing its total debt to \$17bn (9.
Mutu: I took drugs but not cocaine LONDON, Enland -- Adrian Mutu has admitted taking a drug, but claims it was not cocaine but a drug to improve his sex life. The Romanian striker tested positive for cocaine last month, and is waiting to see
New AOL Software Gives Added Security Service provider revamps spam and spyware defenses, offers account lock to members.
Microsoft, Cisco Partner on Security Improvements Microsoft and Cisco Systems today said they will share security and network health technologies in an effort to stop, isolate and eliminate viruses and other malicious software on Windows-based networks.
China moves closer towards a market economy Beijing. (Interfax-China) - China will speed up economic restructuring and reform and the adoption of market-based systems. Meanwhile, China will continue to maintain its open-door policies and meeting its
A universally good year for the Geminids meteor shower SATURN makes its reappearance on our star maps this month but is only the appetiser for a feast of planetary interest later in the night.
Bruins learn how to grind, thanks to their Cable guy On days like yesterday, gloomy, gray late afternoons by the lake, UCLA used to come out and play the part of the powder-blue preppies from Westwood.
Glitch disrupts eBay #39;s PayPal service SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Repairs were underway Monday at PayPal as the widely used online payment service struggled to get customers back on track after several days of  quot;intermittent quot; outages.
Microsoft Foe Wins in Settlement The head of a technology industry trade group that for years encouraged aggressive legal action against Microsoft Corp. for antitrust violations personally received nearly \$10 million as part
So Much For Hollowing Out Lying 800 kilometers south of Tokyo on the island of Kyushu, Oita prefecture is hardly the kind of place you would expect to find the trendsetting titans of Japan Inc.
Kennedy Knicknacks to Go on the Block Next Year Lovers of Kennedy lore will get a rare chance at owning some common possessions of late President John F. Kennedy and his family in an auction of art, furniture and other effects from their homes.
Winky has an eye for fights that pay Now that Winky Wright has twice beaten Shane Mosley, he #39;s aiming for the megafights -- and the megabucks.  quot;I #39;m from the  #39;hood, and it #39;s time to get paid, quot; Wright said after winning his rematch
Molik secures back-to-back titles Australian tennis player Alicia Molik stormed to her second title in two weeks with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Russian Dinara Safina in the final of the WTA event in Luxembourg overnight.
Spaniard Constantino Zaballa wins 19th stage Spain #39;s Constantino Zaballa broke away early and finished more than a minute ahead of his closest competitors in winning the 19th stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Friday.
Titans not worried about Ivan changing kickoff with Dolphins The Tennessee Titans don #39;t plan to worry about Hurricane Ivan right now. They #39;re too busy preparing to play the Miami Dolphins in a season opener still scheduled for Sunday.
Turkish stocks soar on EU hopes Turkey's stock market closes at a record high on hopes the EU will soon invite Ankara to start entry talks.
Pedro Martinez signs \$52m deal with NY Mets December 15, 2004 -- Pedro Martinez confirmed Tuesday during an interview in his home in the Dominican Republic that he has agreed to join the New York Mets.
Twins hit road again Ben Broussard hit a two-run homer to lift the Cleveland Indians to a 5-2 victory over the Twins on a strange afternoon in Minneapolis, sending AL Central champion Minnesota to Yankee Stadium for the start of the playoffs.
Nikkei Higher by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - Gains in banks and exporters helped lift  Tokyo's Nikkei 0.84 percent by midday on Tuesday as a fall in  crude oil prices and a rebound in U.S. stocks led buyers to  pick up shares hit by the index's recent sharp losses.
AT T Expands Job Cut Plan by 7,400 AT T Corp. is cutting 7,400 more jobs and slashing the book value of its assets by \$11.4 billion, drastic moves prompted by the company's plan to retreat from the traditional consumer telephone business following a lost court battle.
It #39;s Decision Time for Nets #39; Collins Jason Collins has until Oct. 31 to sign a contract extension with the Nets. If Collins, a 7-foot center, cannot come to an agreement with the team by then, he cannot negotiate
Hamas claims EU and US in contact with group LONDON: The United States and the European Union are in contact with Palestinian militant group Hamas despite having listed it as a terrorist organisation, a Hamas leader said in an interview broadcast on Monday.
Montoya wins final F1 race of season Colombia #39;s Juan Pablo Montoya won Sunday #39;s Brazilian Grand Prix, foiling the hopes of native son Rubens Barrichello and his Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher of Germany.
Brazil Launches First Test Rocket Since Accident Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space officials said on Sunday.
Kidd to Make Season Debut Versus Raptors (Reuters) Reuters - New Jersey guard\Jason Kidd is expected to make his season debut Monday, when\the Nets host the Toronto Raptors at Continental Airlines\Arena.
Less Drinking Hurts Coors, Molson Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - North American brewers Adolph Coors  Cos. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RKY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RKY.N&lt;/A&gt; and Molson Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOLa.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MOLa.TO&lt;/A&gt;, which have agreed to  merge, reported lower-than-expected quarterly profits on  Thursday on weak sales in their home markets.
Spokesman says Arafat not in a coma, still in ICU Yasser Arafat was not in a coma but remained in intensive care Saturday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said.
Lord Black is charged with fraud Lord Black, the former owner of the Daily Telegraph and the Hollinger International newspaper group, is charged with fraud by US regulators.
SA man charged for 'nuclear bomb' A South African businessman is charged with trafficking nuclear material to Asian countries, in particular Pakistan.
MSN Putting Search in IM Beta Hoping to drive users to its new MSN Search service, Microsoft (Quote, Chart) announced it will release a new beta of its messenger client with an embedded search bar.
Australia Dismisses India for 185, Leads By 213 in Third Test Australia bowled out India for 185 to take a 213-run lead on day three of the third cricket Test at Nagpur, edging the top-ranked team closer to a first series win in India for 35 years.
Lebanon urged to hold free elections The United States, Germany and France called Friday for presidential elections in Lebanon to be free, based on the constitution and staged without foreign intervention, a
Western Michigan fired Darnell  quot;For the benefit of our student-athletes and fans, we simply cannot afford another year of decline and now is the time for new leadership to be brought in, quot; Kathy Beauregard, the school #39;s Director of Intercollegiate Athletics, said in a statement.
NASA Scientists Hopeful of Salvaging Genesis By PAUL FOY     SALT LAKE CITY (AP) -- NASA scientists said Friday they had recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule that crashed this week and were hopeful that the mission to gather solar atoms could be salvaged.    ""We should be able to meet many, if not all, of our science goals,"" said physicist Roger C...
Deadly day in Iraq  Suicide bomber attacks American and Iraqi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seven US Marines and 3 Iraqi National guard soldiers have died in a car bomb attack in Iraq. The dead were riding in two military Humvee vehicles on the outskirts of Fallujah when the massive bomb was detonated.
Deutsche Bank Board Member Quits (AP) AP - A long-serving member of Deutsche Bank AG's supervisory board announced he was quitting Thursday in a dispute over strategy, Germany's biggest bank said.
U.S. Jets Pound Militant Positions in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy Monday as insurgents kept up their offensive to subdue Iraq's beleaguered security forces. U.S...
China overtakes United States as top destination for foreign investment (AFP) AFP - China overtook the United States as a top global destination for foreign direct investment (FDI) in 2003 while the Asia-Pacific region attracted more investment than any other developing region, a UN report said.
Cross-Border Terrorism Must Stop First: Natwar New Delhi, Sept. 10 (NNN): Islamabad must halt cross-border terrorism first in the troubled state of Jammu and Kashmir for the Indo-Pakistan Composite Dialogue to make any meaningful progress, External Affairs
Hidden Java Features \\Really cool blog post about hidden Java features.  These are little tricks that\you forget about from time to time but that make life more pleasant.\\This is a good one:\\""Instance initializers -- I've been exploiting these lately to abbreviate list\initialization (in unit tests only):\&gt;\List triple = new ArrayList(3) \&gt;\   add(""a""); add(""b""); add(""c""); \&gt;\;""\\I've been using static code blocks but this looks like it might be a better\trick.\\Example:\\""public static List = new ArrayList();\&gt;\static \    list.add( ""foo"" );\""\\Also this final Closure  hack seems pretty cool:\\
Vodafone launches ten 3G sets Mobile phone giant Vodafone says it will introduce 10 new 3G handsets, many of which will be useable in both Europe and Japan.
American Express to Replace Auditor (Reuters) Reuters - American Express Co.  said on\Wednesday that it will replace Ernst   Young LLP with\PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as its independent registered public\accountant.
Stocks Slip on Oil, Dow Falls Below 10,000 NEW YORK - Oil prices reached a new high and sent stocks lower Monday, pushing the Dow Jones industrials back below 10,000. But with trading on Wall Street light and losses only moderate, investors seemed to be coming to terms with near-\$50 per barrel crude...
Centrino to connect with all Wi-Fi standards New component will help next generation of Intel's wireless chip technology reach full audience for Wi-Fi.
Iran Says It Won't Halt Nuclear Technology Drive (Reuters) Reuters - Iran Sunday rejected European demands it\abandon sensitive nuclear activities but reiterated its\readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions are\entirely peaceful.
US Calls on UN Chief to Release All Oil-for-Food Facts Washington #39;s ambassador to the United Nations has urged Secretary-General Kofi Annan to promptly release all information concerning the scandal-ridden Iraq oil-for-food program.
Annan welcomes release of Anwar Ibrahim from Malaysian jail 3 September 2004 - Secretary-General Kofi Annan today hailed the decision of a Malaysian court to overturn the sodomy conviction of the country #39;s former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim and release him from jail.
Fingerprints on File, Right From the Patrol Car A mobile wireless system being tested in Oregon allows police officers in the field to check fingerprints against state and national databases.
ATA Bankruptcy October 29, 2004 -Des Moines - Their planes may be small, but ATA Connection plays a vital role in keeping air fares low for flights to Chicago and the East Coast.
Oracle Extends Offer for PeopleSoft SAN FRANCISCO -- Business software maker Oracle Corp. said on Thursday it extended again its \$7.7 billion hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft Inc.
Samsung Cell Phones to Get Tiny Hard Drive (AP) AP - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. has announced the world's first mobile phone to sport a tiny hard drive. With the built-in 1-inch, 1.5-gigabyte hard disk, the SPH-V5400 could store about 15 times more data than conventional handsets  #151; everything from digital music files and photos to video, Samsung said.
Textiles boost Bangladesh exports Bangladesh's exports have risen by more than a quarter, boosted by clothing sales, a government report says.
Indon police arrest 4 over embassy bombing JAKARTA - Authorities have arrested four people allegedly connected to last week #39;s deadly bombing at the Australian Embassy, Indonesia #39;s police chief said on Saturday.
Carter leads Kiwi 1-2 punch in Athens Hamish Carter and fellow Kiwi Bevan Docherty shook off the long-shot Swiss youngster, Sven Riederer, with 800 meters to go, then had a friendly duel to the line for Olympic gold on Thursday.
Editorial: Cooper got America going in space L. Gordon Cooper was the real deal. He and his six colleagues - known as the Mercury Seven - inaugurated an age and captivated a generation of Americans.
Protesters Ransack Russian Gov #39;t Offices Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the
Intel Delays Launch of New Projection TV Chip By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- In another product postponement, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. (INTC) said it won't be offering a chip for projection TVs by the end of 2004 as it had announced earlier this year...
UPDATE 1-ING to sell Baring Asset Management Financial group ING (ING.AS: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to sell Baring Asset Management (BAM) to US groups MassMutual and Northern Trust (NTRS.
No Evidence Of Secret Iranian Nuclear Plan: IAEA Chief Vienna, Sept. 15 (NNN): Head of the United Nations nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Mohamed El-Baradei on Tuesday said he has seen no firm evidence that Iran was secretly developing nuclear weapons.
MS pulls WinFS from Longhorn Microsoft is dropping the WinFS file system technology from Longhorn, the next version of Windows, in a bid to introduce the operating system by 2006.
ChevronTexaco Profit Up, Misses Forecasts ChevronTexaco Corp.(CVX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US oil company, rode the wave of record oil prices to post a 62 percent rise in quarterly profit on
Israel celebrates joy of first gold medal Israel has celebrated its first Olympic gold medal, saying Gal Fridman #39;s win gave pride and joy to Jewish people around the world.
Ballot counting begins in Afghanistan Counting of ballots began in Afghanistan Thursday, five days after the country #39;s first direct elections for president, the BBC reported.
Stocks End Flat After Rates Go Up US stocks finished flat on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for a fourth time this year and indicated it would keep its moderate campaign of tightening
City has good reason to keep faith in Morrison THE near-15-per-cent jump in William Morrisons shares yesterday shows the City is looking well beyond the short-term pain of the first fall in profits at the group in its 37-year history.
Justice at last in sight over Air India terror bombings (AFP) AFP - Nearly 20 years after their loved ones died in the worst terror strike prior to the September 11 attacks, relatives of 329 people killed in an Air India jet bombing are at last in sight of justice.
Canadian X Prize Team Postpones Launch A Canadian was forced to delay its first launch in the X Prize competition, an international race to put civilians into space. First prize is US\$10 million.
Jury Gets Enron, Merrill Lynch Case Jurors began deliberations in the trial of six former Enron Corp. and Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. executives accused of fraud and conspiracy in the energy trader #39;s 1999 sale of three power-generating barges.
New GTA: San Andreas Tr Rockstar has released a new trailer for Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas just before its release next week. The trailer shows more of the same drive-by shootings, but one tid-bit of information we didn #39;t know
Hints About Water Loss in the Martian Atmosphere European Space Agency -- Recent results from the ASPERA-3 instrument on board Mars Express confirm that a very efficient process is at work in the Martian atmosphere which could explain the loss of water.     Water is believed to have once been abundant on the Red Planet...
After a Sloppy Start, the Irish Upset Michigan With a burst of speed, Darius Walker sprinted around right end and ran untouched into the south end zone for a 6-yard touchdown Saturday.
JTI-Macdonald Files for Court Protection  VANCOUVER, British Columbia (Reuters) - Japan Tobacco's  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=2914.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;2914.T&lt;/A&gt; JTI-Macdonald Corp. unit filed for court protection  from creditors on Tuesday in a fight with Quebec tax officials,  who have accused the firm of smuggling to avoid more than \$1  billion in taxes.
VW's Audi Recalls 28,000 A6 Cars  DETROIT (Reuters) - Volkswagen AG &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VOWG.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;VOWG.DE&lt;/A&gt; is recalling  28,363 of its Audi A6 luxury cars after finding that in cold  weather states, the throttle could stick due to ice build-up,  the German automaker said on Friday.
NTT DoCoMo unveils Japan's first prototype micro fuel cell for 3G handsets (AFP) AFP - NTT DoCoMo, the top cellular phone operator in Japan, unveiled what it calls the nation's first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
Sudanese Darfur Rebels Block Aid Pact for Refugees  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Sudanese rebels said on Tuesday  that the government must disarm its militias in Darfur before  they would sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million civilians  displaced by violence.
McGrady Fires Back Tracy McGrady feels that Orlando general manager John Weisbrod was saddling the new Houston guard with most of the blame for the Magic's terrible showing last season.
Hewitt and Henman advance in Paris Paris, France (Sports Network) - Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt and third-seeded Tim Henman each posted second-round victories Tuesday at the \$3.
IMF failing to agree on debt plan The International Monetary Fund appears to be unable to agree on a debt relief plan for the world's poorest nations.
Telecom offers broadband to go Telecom mobile general manager Kevin Kenrick showed off the Harrier personal digital assistant at the launch of the company #39;s 3G mobile broadband network in Wellington yesterday.
Man threatens to run over Katherine Harris, of 2000 Florida fiasco fame (AFP) AFP - Police arrested a man who threatened to run over US Representative Katherine Harris, the former Florida Secretary of State blamed by critics for much of the 2000 presidential election debacle.
Agriculture Minister to lobby US on BSE Ottawa -- Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell is meeting with his US counterpart today in New York to lobby for an end to the costly mad-cow crisis, which began 15 months ago with the discovery of single case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy on a ranch
KEEP YOUR NOSE OUT OF IT, FERGIE ARSENE WENGER last night told bitter rival Sir Alex Ferguson to mind his own business and leave the FA to deal with the fall-out from the Battle of Old Trafford.
JP Morgan, Cazenove in talks - report SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - JP Morgan Chase is in talks with UK investment bank Cazenove to create a joint venture that would effectively combine the banks, according to a published repor Thursday.
IBM sets date for new tools bundle com October 13, 2004, 5:30 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
U.S. Funds Chat-Room Surveillance Study A Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute computer science professor hopes to develop mathematical models that can uncover structure within the scattershot traffic of online public forums.  &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Thousands to be freed from Myanmar jails The military leaders in Myanmar have decided to release about 4,000 prisoners the leaders admit were wrongly imprisoned. The media in the repressive state, formerly called
Australian Detainee Meets With Father GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba - The father of an imprisoned Australian cowboy accused of fighting with Afghanistan's ousted Taliban saw his son for the first time in five years Wednesday, as he prepared to go before an American military tribunal on war crimes charges.    After the meeting, David Hicks, 29, wore a suit and tie as he arrived for a tribunal hearing on charges of conspiracy to commit war crimes, aiding the enemy and attempted murder for allegedly firing at U.S...
Three IPOs Trim Price Ranges Wednesday Three new stocks scheduled to begin trading this week - including Google Inc. #39;s highly anticipated initial public offering - slashed their expected price ranges Wednesday morning as the IPO market readies for a one-month break from trading debuts after ...
Storm zaps recently restored electricity Hurricane Jeanne knocked out power to 250,000 Brevard County customers, though about 45,000 had electricity restored by Sunday evening, company spokeswoman Kathy Scott said.
Blair's Exit Strategy Sparks Succession Fever  LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair was  back at work Saturday after successful heart surgery but his  vow to hold on to power for five more years has sparked fevered  speculation about who might succeed him and when.
Singh holds onto lead in Boston Vijay Singh leads the PGA Tour #39;s money list by an ever-widening margin. He is running away with the player of the year award. And on Sunday he moved within 18 holes of another big prize.
China criticizes Bush ahead of election On the eve of the US presidential election, China accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world, quot; saying the invasion of Iraq destroyed the global anti-terrorism
GE sells India back office unit for 500 mln dlr: Business India: New Delhi, Nov 8 : General Electric Co., the world #39;s top conglomerate, today announced that it has sold a majority of its pioneering Indian back-office unit to two private equity firms for 500 million dollars to help the subsidiary gain
432-Year Search: Lost Star Found (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe spotted a new star in the sky on Nov. 11, 1572, and astronomers have been trying ever since to figure out exactly what happened. The case appeared to be solved last week.
Dollar Closes in on Lows After Weak Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar edged down against the euro on\Monday toward its lowest level in seven and a half months,\pressured after it fell through key technical levels on weak\U.S. economic data on Friday.
Bush and Kerry Follow Debate With Sharp Jabs President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq, taking a more aggressive approach than he had during the debate.
Cisco, MIT look from lab to market New communications technology could spawn futuristic products. Could your purse tell you to bring an umbrella?&lt;br /&gt;\ Photos: Networks of tomorrow\
Russian oil company problems likely to affect global oil prices ELEANOR HALL: The high price of oil is already threatening global economic growth, but that price could yet be pushed higher by events in Russia.
India, Pakistan approve key proposals ahead of ministers #39; meeting NEW DELHI : Top Indian and Pakistani officials approved proposals to break the impasse over Kashmir and strengthen ties on the eve of a meeting between the rival states #39; foreign ministers.
Europe Bloc Says Turks Can Apply European Union leaders said Turkey could join its ranks as soon as 10 years from now, but warned that it must overcome opposition to a Muslim country's entering the European fold.
US Airways may ask court for pay relief - WSJ Struggling air carrier US Airways (UAIRQ.OQ: Quote, Profile, Research) may petition a bankruptcy court to impose temporary concessions on its unionized workers in the event they fail to agree quickly enough to cost savings
U.S. Orders Airlines To Release Fliers' Data (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The federal government said yesterday that it will order airlines to turn over millions of passenger records by November so it can begin testing a vast computer program that will hunt for suspected terrorists seeking to board commercial aircraft.
Man City v Tottenham Stuart Pearce has placed an early claim on the Manchester City job when Kevin Keegan steps down as manager in 18 months #39; time.
Siebel Systems Posts Quarterly Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit,  after a year-earlier net loss, helped by sales of new software.
NOAA U.S. Winter Weather Forecast: Mixed  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Affected by a weak El Nino, winter  weather in the United States will be warmer in the West and  cooler and wetter in the South and Southeast, forecasters  predicted Thursday.
Fight Mars Clemson Win Players from both teams brawl late in Clemson's 29-7 victory over South Carolina. Coach Lou Holtz, 67, dives into the pile as peacemaker in his regular-season finale with the Gamecocks.
Day had added significance SEATTLE -- As a father and a player, Trot Nixon will be struck by conflicting emotions as the Red Sox face the Mariners tonight on the third anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the United States. As a father, Nixon will phone home his birthday wishes to his son, Chase , who was born the day of the attacks, while ...
Pitcairn Men Sentenced to Jail for Underage Sex  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Four Pitcairn Island men were sentenced  by a British court to prison terms ranging from two to six  years for raping underage girls on the remote South Pacific  island, a British official said on Friday.
Nvidia to power next Sony console Sony Computer Entertainment Inc and Nvidia have announced they are working together on the GPU for SCEI #39;s next generation entertainment device.
Online Music Goes Back to School (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - In this era of high-speed Internet access, the back-to-school season features college students streaming back into their broadband-wired dormitory rooms, booting up their computers and letting gigabytes of digital tunes flow like a waterfall -- and for many students, the question of whether the downloading violates copyright laws plays second fiddle. However, a legal, affordable alternative has a chance to thrive in this potentially huge market, or at least that's what the digital music business and the universities are hoping.
New Cambodian King Asks for Guidance Cambodia #39;s new king, Norodom Sihamoni, said in his first message to his kingdom Friday that he would stay out of politics, and asked for guidance and understanding while he learns his new role.
Insurers spared direct hit by Ivan Insurers breathed a sigh of relief yesterday as Hurricane Ivan skirted New Orleans as well as the heart of the Gulf of Mexico #39;s oil region, saving the companies billions of dollars in claims.
Hong Kong's Opposition Gains More Clout HONG KONG - Pro-democracy opposition figures gained more clout in Hong Kong's legislature with three new seats, but they fell short of expectations and resumed grumbling Monday about a system they call unfairly rigged.    Although the opposition remains stuck mainly with the power to criticize, it gained a loud new voice with the stunning election win by Hong Kong's top protester, ""Longhair"" Leung Kwok-hung, who is known for burning flags and raising a ruckus in his trademark Che Guevara T-shirt...
Ball Notes - Red Sox 3, Orioles 2: At Boston, Mark Bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth as the Red Sox snapped a three-game losing streak after nearly blowing the game in the top of the inning.
Top al-Qaida figure got Australian tourist visa in Aug 2001 SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister John Howard confirmed Wednesday that the alleged mastermind of the Sept 11, 2001, attacks by al-Qaida on the United States was granted a tourist visa to visit Australia only a month before the attacks.
Prosecutors Ready to Wrap Up Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - As they prepare to wrap up their murder case against Scott Peterson in the death of his pregnant wife Laci, even prosecutors have acknowledged their case has at times left jurors scratching their heads...
Sybase Offers Free Database for Linux In a bid to expand the customer base for its database software, Sybase this week released a free, limited version of its software for deployment on Linux systems.
Insurer says 2005 earnings to fall from 2004 levels Insurer Cigna on Wednesday posted a nearly two-thirds lift in third quarter earnings, but also said 2005 earnings should fall from 2004 levels.
Two adware firms battling in court As millions of computer users try to deal with the scourge of adware and other nefarious online marketing programs, two purveyors of the technology are battling in a Seattle court.
NASA Aims For May Shuttle Launch NASA has again adjusted its schedule for bringing the space shuttle back into use. CBS reports that the space agency announced it is aiming for a mid-May launch.
Nintendo DS: Doubly good (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If Nintendo's new DS - short for ""Dual Screen"" - (* * * 1/2 out of four,  #36;150) was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer Sega has completely caught on.
Pfizer may add to painkiller warning Pfizer Inc. may strengthen the warning label for its painkiller Bextra to account for more information about a rare but serious skin reaction.
Banks Warned Against On-Line Fraud Dangers (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. banks should use more than a\single password to identify on-line customers to prevent fraud,\bank regulators said on Tuesday in recommendations that\underscore growing concern about theft over the Internet.
Ortiz' Homer Gives Boston Early Lead in Game One (Reuters) Reuters - David Ortiz slugged a three-run\homer during a four-run first inning, and the Boston Red Sox\held a 7-2 lead over the St. Louis Cardinals after three\innings of Game One of the 2004 World Series.
Macedonian Prime Minister resigns Macedonia #39;s prime minister Hari Kostov resigned Monday over disagreements with ethnic Albanian coalition partners, setting off a government crisis in the Balkan state where ethnic tensions run high.
Smithfield #39;s Net Doubles as Pork Demand, Prices Gain (Update4) Smithfield Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest hog producer, said profit in the fiscal first quarter more than doubled as livestock prices and pork demand surged.
1.2 Million Warned to Leave New Orleans NEW ORLEANS - More than 1.2 million people in metropolitan New Orleans were warned to get out as 140-mph Hurricane Ivan churned toward the Gulf Coast, threatening to submerge this below-sea-level city in what could be the most disastrous storm to hit in nearly 40 years.    Residents streamed inland in bumper-to-bumper traffic in an agonizingly slow exodus Tuesday amid dire warnings that Ivan could overwhelm New Orleans with up to 20 feet of filthy, chemical-polluted water...
Political blow for Brazil's Lula Brazil's President Luiz Inacio da Silva is weakened as two parties withdraw from his governing coalition.
SPORTS OF THE TIMES Clemens Meets Match at Hands of Cardinals They hit for average and power, run with abandon and last night, they went through one of baseball #39;s greatest pitchers to earn their way into the World Series.
Fidelity fee cuts all about strategy A lot of people got excited when Fidelity Investments announced recently that it was cutting fees on five index mutual funds. You heard talk about price wars with the Vanguard Group, of a new  quot;low-cost leader quot; in fund investing and more.
Return to Flight on Track Despite Setbacks (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA is making progress in its return to flight efforts, despite suffering setbacks from a recent rash of hurricanes that have pummeled the nation's space coast, according to the task force overseeing the agency's work.
More Search and Browsing Fun with Firefox Mozilla Firefox has features and extensions that go far beyond what you get with Internet Explorer.  Here's how to turbocharge the browser to enhance your online experience.
'Killer Apps' Demand Computer Upgrades This is turning out to be the year of the upgrade for many computer gamers, thanks to the arrival of blockbuster game titles such as Doom 3 and Half-Life 2, on its way to retail shelves after a year's worth of delays. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Yahoo to Sell Domain Names (AP) AP - Yahoo Inc. plans to start selling Internet domain names Tuesday as part of its expanding services for small businesses.
Jazz to retire Stockton #39;s number Salt Lake City, UT (Sports Network) - The Jazz announced Tuesday that the club will retire John Stockton #39;s No. 12 on November 22, 2004, when Utah hosts the New Orleans Hornets.
Detroit City Council passes modified measure to create black &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The City Council passed a modified version of a controversial plan to use public funds to create a black business district in the city.
World ; Australian board congratulates new Windies coach  quot;Over many years, Bennett King has made an outstanding contribution to the progress and development of Australia #39;s emerging players, quot; said Robertson.
Singh #39;s Year to Remember Will Be Hard to Forget Vijay Singh is probably sorry to see the PGA Tour season ending. When you have dominated like Singh, why wouldn #39;t you want to keep playing?
A hotbed of energy waits to be tapped in Indonesia Geothermal sources remain untapped as leaders focus instead on the country's reserves of fossil fuels.
Disney #39;s board eyeing Iger to replace Eisner Walt Disney Co. #39;s board of directors said company President Robert Iger is  quot;the one internal candidate quot; to replace Disney Chief Executive Michael Eisner and that it also will consider outsiders.
US Forces Kill 3 Afghans at Checkpoint KABUL, Afghanistan Aug. 22, 2004 - US soldiers sprayed a pickup truck with bullets after it failed to stop at a roadblock in central Afghanistan, killing two women and a man and critically wounding two other
Red Hat drafts Sun exec for desktop Linux push Java engineer Karen Tegan-Padir resigns to head up Red Hat's bid to get the open-source operating system on desktop systems.
Seahawks stunned in OT SEATTLE -- Marc Bulger was at his best when his teammates needed him most. Bulger threw a 52-yard touchdown pass to Shaun McDonald three minutes into overtime, leading the St. Louis Rams to a thrilling 33-27 victory over the previously undefeated Seattle Seahawks yesterday.
US Army to withhold portion of Halliburton payments The billing dispute between the US Army and Houston-based Halliburton Co. continues as the Army on Tuesday said it would withhold paying 15 percent of future invoices from Halliburton.
This week's picks Boston Latin over Acton-Boxboro -- Please take this prediction cum grano salis. Wilmington over Pentucket -- The always accurate Boston.com 100 has Wilmington (No. 37) ranked over Pentucket (39). Can't argue with that.
SCO caps legal costs as losses mount With its cash reserves dwindling and losses continuing to mount, The SCO Group Inc. is taking measures to cut its expenses and ensure it will have enough cash to process its lawsuit with IBM Corp, the company announced during its quarterly earnings conference call Tuesday. SCO reported a loss of \$7.4 million on revenue of \$11.2 million for the third quarter - a loss that was affected by the \$7.2 million in legal expenses the company incurred during the quarter, which ended July 31.
What ails Oracle? The fiesty software giant calls its recent slowdown in application sales a one-time fluke. Some say it's symptomatic of bigger problems
Abdallah wins first US women #39;s taekwondo medal Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Nia Abdallah won the first United States medal ever in women #39;s taekwondo Friday, fighting her way through three rounds before falling in the under-57kg gold medal match and earning a silver.
Cleaning Up After Ourselves Though banned in the 1970s, toxic PCBs persist in high concentrations around the world. Now a Stanford team says it may have the solution: carbon. By Amit Asaravala.
Tough EU terms for Turkey Draft of document draws framework BRUSSELS -- Turkey will have to accept tough conditions, including de facto recognition of Cyprus and a permanent brake on labor migration, to open European Union entry talks, according to a draft EU summit statement.
New Battalion  #39;Told to Prepare to Go to Iraq #39; A British battalion of 600 infantry have been told to make ready for deployment to Iraq, the Conservatives claimed today. The soldiers, understood to be from the 2nd
Gandhi's Grandson Urges Palestinians to March Home  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The grandson of Mahatma  Gandhi urged Palestinian refugees Sunday to march home from  Jordan en masse, even if the Israelis ""kill 200 people,"" to  shock the world into taking notice.
Hokies Ensure Stability Virginia Tech keeps its coaching staff intact by signing its assistants to the longest guaranteed contracts in major college football.
A Stock From the Industry Side Out Keeping tabs on your company's industry can help energize your portfolio's returns.
JP Morgan in Talks with UK #39;s Cazenove JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co has emerged as the latest potential suitor for UK investment bank Cazenove, but as a joint-venture partner rather than an outright purchaser.
Storage Networking World: ILM a business matter Users at Storage Networking World are developing information life-cycle management schemes within their storage networks to more efficiently and cost-effectively store data according to business policies.
Ballmer:  #39;No way #39; Apple will win digital media war Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer told invited press at a London briefing that Microsoft would prevail over Apple, Sony and other competitors when it comes to winning the hearts and minds of home consumers looking to integrate computer technology into their
Consumer Borrowing Jumps by 6.4 Percent Consumers stepped up their borrowing in July by the largest amount since the beginning of the year, the Federal Reserve reported Wednesday.
Pharmacies claim conspiracy on prices Nineteen California pharmacies filed a lawsuit in state court yesterday accusing the world #39;s largest pharmaceutical companies of conspiring to inflate US drug prices.
Thailand frees Muslims detained in protest NARATHIWAT, Thailand - Hundreds of Muslim men were freed in southern Thailand on Saturday after being detained last week in the wake of protests that left 85 dead and outraged Muslims worldwide.
Sudanese opposition, government start peace talks Sudanese opposition groups and a government delegation on Friday held the first full day of peace talks in Cairo with both sides optimistic about a deal, sources close to the negotiations told Egypt #39;s MENA news agency.
Bayer Sells Plasma Unit to US Investors BERLIN - Bayer AG, the German drug and chemical company, has agreed to sell its plasma products business for \$590 million in cash and stock to the private US investment groups Cerberus Capital Management and Ampersand Ventures.
Rain washes out Aussie-Pakistan match Amstelveen, The Netherlands - Rain forced the triangular series match between Australia and Pakistan to be abandoned without a ball being bowled on Wednesday.
Slovene Center Is Feeling Like a Rookie Again In his fourth N.B.A. season, 7-foot-1 center Primoz Brezec is getting a fresh start and a chance to start in Charlotte.
Schumacher spinout gives Barrichello pole position at new Chinese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher took on the Shanghai circuit Saturday in qualifying for the first Chinese Grand Prix.
Price freeze may cost oil firms Rs 10,000 cr Oil companies are estimating an under-recovery of over Rs 10,000 crore during the current financial year, with the government deciding against allowing oil companies to increase petrol and diesel prices for the fortnight beginning November 1.
Qaeda-Linked Militants Killed in Pakistan Shootout (Reuters) Reuters - Three al Qaeda-linked militants\were killed and three were wounded on Wednesday in a clash with\Pakistani security forces in a troubled tribal region near the\Afghan border, the military said.
Rugby: Vyvyan called up as England save Worsley for Boks and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : Saracens captain Hugh Vyvyan has been called up to the England replacements #39; bench for Saturday #39;s Test match against Canada at Twickenham as a result of an injury to back row forward Joe Worsley.
More Is Not Necessarily Better magine if one company controlled the card catalog of every library in the world. The influence it would have over what people see, read and discuss would be enormous.
NEXTEL CUP: Dale Jr. penalty too harsh Roush Racing driver Matt Kenseth, the defending NASCAR Nextel Cup champion, will share his views with Free Press readers through the final race in the Chase for the Championship, which ends Nov. 21 at Homestead, Fla.
Brazilian duo leave Celtic down and out DISASTER in Donetsk would be a catchy title, but it is unlikely that Celtic will be releasing a video of a Champions League match in which some initial bad luck was compounded by subsequent incompetence and disintegration, bringing the Parkhead side their
Gunmen Seize Three British Citizens in Baghdad Gunmen snatched three British citizens, believed to be civilians, from a house in central Baghdad early on Thursday, Iraq #39;s Interior Ministry said.
India to pull some troops out of Kashmir this week MUMBAI, INDIA - The Indian army will start to reduce the number of troops stationed in the disputed state of Kashmir on Wednesday to coincide with a visit by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, an official said Tuesday.
Treasuries Pressured by Oil, Upbeat Fed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries prices eased for a  third straight session on Tuesday, unnerved by a mix of softer  oil, firmer stocks and an upbeat economic outlook from Federal  Reserve officials.
National trims sales expectations National Semiconductor has lowered its revenue expectations for its second business quarter. The new guidance for the quarter calls for revenues to range from \$445m to \$450m, down about 18 per cent to 19 per cent sequentially.
Stocks Slip on GM Earnings, Higher Oil NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply for a second straight day Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp.'s earnings disappointed the market. The Dow Jones industrial average, having fallen 153 points over two days, dropped back below 10,000...
Multiplayer Games Coming to Mobile Phones As millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability. The newest twist is multiplayer: You can face real people in space battles or fishing tournaments.
Google up on Goldman #39;s \$215 stock price target Shares of Web search leader Google (GOOG) rose more than 5 in extended trade Tuesday after Goldman Sachs analyst Anthony Noto put a \$215 price target on the stock.
Bush Unlikely Heisman Trophy Finalist (AP) AP - In some ways, Reggie Bush is the most unlikely Heisman Trophy finalist. He doesn't start for No. 1 Southern California, and ranks second on the team in rushing and receiving. He's a sophomore, and the previous winners have all been juniors or seniors. Finally, he's often been overshadowed by teammate Matt Leinart, also a finalist for the award.
Cell phone talker arrest refuels etiquette debate Cell phones in public are annoying--when other people use them. But how do we tackle the problem?
Toledo frustrates Huskies DEKALB -- Toledo doesn #39;t just beat Northern Illinois University. It torments the Huskies. Teases their defense. NIU gets the Rockets right where it wants them.
Early outburst gives Gophers smooth sailing MINNEAPOLIS -- Bryan Cupito was 10 of 12 for 279 yards and a touchdown in his first start, and No. 25 Minnesota's running backs picked up where they left off last season in a 63-21 rout of Toledo last night.
Soccer: Honduran midfielder named MLS Most Valuable Player CARSON, United States : MetroStars midfielder Amado Guevara was named Major League Soccer Most Valuable Player, the seventh player from outside the United States to win the US league #39;s top solo honor.
Pires dropped by France Robert Pires, the Arsenal midfielder, has been dropped from the France squad following a public outburst against coach Raymond Domenech.
AMD and IBM develops new technology for processors AMD and IBM in collaboration have developed a new technology that can lead to massive increase in processor power. They call it strained silicon transistor and tests have shown it resulted in a 24 increase in performance.
Kraft gets South Beach diet #39;s seal of approval Kraft, the largest US food company, on Monday will reveal details of a high-stakes marketing gamble to tie many of its lines with the popular South Beach diet.
Ellison has talked about revising PeopleSoft bid Wilmington, Delaware  Reuters News Service, 11 October 2004 - Oracle chief executive Larry Ellison said on Friday that Oracle has talked about revising its \$21-per-share offer to buy rival PeopleSoft, but he dented Wall Street expectations by saying
Chip sales boost Samsung by 46 SAMSUNG Electronicss quarterly profit jumped 46 per cent from a year ago on strong memory chip sales, but fell 14 per cent from the previous quarter as prices of flat screens for TV and computers fell.
Microsoft releases simpler version of Windows XP in Asia Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, announced that it has added Russia to its Windows XP Starter Edition pilot program today.
Kidnappings; pro and con al-Sadr rallies in Iraq Thousands of demonstrators supporting and hundreds opposing Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr took to the streets in Iraq on Friday as US soldiers fought insurgents in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City and near Falluja.
Bomb Kills Venezuela Prosecutor, Gov't Swipes at US &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan prosecutorprobing a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez was killed bya car bomb that the government blamed Friday on radicalopponents it said were training in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;
International conference on Iraq opening in Egypt SHARM EL SHEIKH (Egypt), November 22 (Itar-Tass) - An international conference on Iraq is opening in the Egyptian Red Sea resort city of Sharm El Sheikh on Monday.
Fridman gives Israel first-ever gold medal Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Israel picked up its first-ever gold medal at the Olympics on Wednesday when windsurfer Gal Fridman won the men #39;s mistral.
Bedrock in Mars' Gusev Crater Hints at Watery Past Now that NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit is finally examining bedrock in the ""Columbia Hills,"" it is finding evidence that water thoroughly altered some rocks in Mars' Gusev Crater.
Data loss hits Russia crash probe Russian officials remain baffled after examining the black boxes from Tuesday's mystery double air crash.
Catching a Virus in the Act Scientists get their first look at a virus attaching to DNA. Physical proof of this surprising interaction could lead to drugs that can stop some infections. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Fuller thrills on Premiership debut LONDON (CMC) - Jamaica Reggae Boyz striker Ricardo Fuller made a successful debut for Portsmouth, setting up one goal and playing a role in another as the Hampshire club beat Fulham, 4-3, in the English Football Premiership yesterday.
Yukos Can Ship Oil Amid Tax Dispute, Russia Rail Says (Update5) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Russia #39;s state-owned railway, the shipper of a fourth of OAO Yukos Oil Co. #39;s crude oil, said it will guarantee exports, the clearest sign yet President Vladimir Putin wants to ensure supplies to world markets.
Italy to Stay in Iraq After Reporter Murdered, Berlusconi Says Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi called the killing of an Italian journalist by his Iraqi captors barbaric #39; #39; and said he #39;ll keep his nation #39;s 3,000 soldiers in the Middle Eastern country.
Crude Oil Prices Surged Above \$50 a Barrel Crude oil prices briefly hit an all-time high of \$50.69 on Tuesday as worries persisted over supply and unrest in key producers.
Sony Plans European Ad Blitz to Stifle iTunes Sony Corp. next week will launch a marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download store, its latest effort to derail the
Rose axes four M amp;S directors Stuart Rose today consolidated his authority at Marks  amp; Spencer as the ailing retailer announced a clear-out of top executives.
Sudan says it's not afraid of UN resolution threatening sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (CP) - Sudan isn't afraid of a U.S.-backed United Nations resolution threatening sanctions over the violence in Darfur, President Omar el-Bashir was quoted as saying Sunday.
Mexico's Fox on Warpath Against Congress, City  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Vicente Fox, often criticized as a  paper cowboy for a tame performance in four years as Mexican  president, is now in a showdown with Congress and Mexico City's  popular mayor and at odds with Washington.
NRC Closes Web Library For Security Review The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has closed public access to its online document library to protect sensitive documents that might be useful to terrorists, the agency said Tuesday.
Theme park takes visitors to RFID-land A Florida park helps parents keep track of kids with radio ID tags from Texas Instruments.
Pakistan's Musharraf seeks Islamic scholars' help in terror fight (AFP) AFP - Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf asked Muslim scholars to help curb extremism by isolating religious schools which harbor terrorists as Pakistani security forces arrested a suspected Al-Qaeda linked Arab militant in a raid.
Cyprus calls Turkey to EU talks Cyprus invites Turkey to discuss the stalemate on the divided island which it says is crucial to Turkey's entry.
Bryant trial opens with questionnaires for prospective jurors Kobe Bryants trial began Friday with 300 prospective jurors arriving at the county courthouse to fill out questionnaires, the first step toward choosing
Violence Will Intensify in Iraq as Elections Near, Rumsfeld Says But the defense secretary said that the U.S. was determined to insure that voting takes place as planned.
Ex-Nasa inspector accused of lying about Shuttle checks A former Nasa inspector has been accused of lying about inspecting crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery before and after the Columbia disaster that killed seven astronauts and grounded the entire orbiter fleet.
Russian Plane Bombers Exploited Corruption A thousand rubles, or about \$34, was enough to bribe an airline agent to put a Chechen woman on board one of the two flights that exploded in midair last month, killing all 90 people aboard.
Molson-Coors Merger Gets Canadian Competition Bureau Clearance Molson Inc., Canada #39;s biggest beer maker, and Adolph Coors Co., the third-largest US brewer, won clearance from Canada #39;s Competition Bureau for their planned \$3.
Buffalo's Gamble Pays Buffalo's decision to draft running back Willis McGahee in the first round of the 2003 draft is finally paying dividends.
Three Picks For A Communications Rebound Deutsche Bank Securities said the communications-equipment sector is likely to report weak third-quarter results, though  quot;given the extent of negative sentiment among investors, we do not believe this will represent much of a surprise.
Panasonic unveil DVD Recorders with 400GB HDD Capacity Today, Panasonic revealed the new models of DIGA DVD recorders. These recorders have HDD capacities of 160GB to 400GB. This is massive storage space for DVD Recorder; it also has high-speed dubbing, and superb home and mobile networking capabilities.
Linksys, Vonage connect on VoIP Vonage teams with Wi-Fi equipment maker Linksys on voice over Internet Protocol.
Spain, US Top Davis Cup Seeds for 2005 The United States will host Croatia on March 4-6 in the first round of the 2005 Davis Cup. In Thursday #39;s draw, the Americans and Spanish -- this year #39;s finalists -- were
do-gooder who fell from grace Not three weeks ago, Sean Harrigan launched his crusade against corporate malfeasance from one of the most powerful pulpits of all: the presidency of CalPERS, America #39;s largest pension fund with some \$177bn in assets.
Afghan Kidnappers Say Government Agrees Deal  KABUL (Reuters) - Kidnappers of three U.N. workers in  Afghanistan said on Wednesday the government had agreed to  terms for their release, despite indications from Afghan and  U.S. officials that a compromise was not possible.
U.S. Mint to Unveil New Nickel Designs (AP) AP - There's change in store for Thomas Jefferson  #151; on the nickel that is. He's getting his first makeover since his likeness was put on the coin in 1938.
U.S. Flu Vaccine Supply Cut in Half WASHINGTON - Americans' supply of flu vaccine was abruptly cut in half Tuesday, prompting the government to ask most healthy adults to delay or skip flu shots so that the elderly and others most at risk from influenza can get scarce supplies.    British regulators unexpectedly shut down a major flu-shot supplier Tuesday, prompting a record shortage in this country just as flu season is about to begin...
James Lawton: Khorkina the fallen tsarina loses to American princess Svetlana Khorkina was born in a poor industrial town on the Ukraine border, but not in her mind. There, she inhabited the Winter Palace in St Petersburg, surrounded by fawning courtiers and Faberg eggs. It showed here last night as the walls of her ...
Krispy Kreme Scales Back as Profit Dives  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted sharply lower quarterly earnings, signaled that  the second half of the year would be weak and scaled back store  openings after it was battered by the low-carbohydrate diet  craze.
LG.Philips to Spend \$5.1 Billion on New Flat-Panel TV Factory The LG.Philips LCD Company plans to spend a record 5.3 trillion won, or \$5.1 billion, to build the world's largest plant for flat-panel sets.
Levi Wins Constellation Energy Classic (AP) AP - Wayne Levi won his second Champions Tour event Sunday, shooting a 4-under 68 for a two-stroke victory at the Constellation Energy Classic.
Thousands Rally for Mexico Presidential Favorite  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Some 160,000 Mexicans marched on  Sunday to support the presidential hopes of the capital's  leftist mayor who faces government-backed legal challenges that  could knock him out of the 2006 race.
Policeman Killed as Nepal Siege Grips Capital (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected insurgents shot dead a\policeman in Nepal's capital on Saturday as the military said\it could escort food shipments into the city to ease a\rebel-inspired blockade.
Seiko Epson develops tiny flying robot Seiko Epson is developing a flying robot that looks like a miniature helicopter and is about the size of a giant bug. The company hopes it #39;ll prove handy for security, disaster rescue and space exploration.
Suspected rebels kill six ahead of Indian premier's Kashmir visit (AFP) AFP - Suspected Muslim rebels shot dead six people in Kashmir in an attack a day ahead of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the restive region, police said.
BCE Hikes Dividend, Sees '05 Growth  MONTREAL (Reuters) - BCE Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BCE.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BCE.TO&lt;/A&gt; unveiled its first  dividend increase in 10 years on Wednesday and said it expects  higher revenue and per share profit next year, mainly from  wireless, video and high-speed Internet services.
German Official Criticizes US Deficit A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President George W. Bush #39;s second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.
Walker on the wild side We forget the judge, but we remember the ruling. For all the high marks he #39;s been getting for his decision regarding the US Department of Justice #39;s case against Oracle Corp.
Bomber  #39;Asked Wife #39;s Permission to Die A Martyr #39; Indonesian police have identified the suspected suicide bomber who attacked the Australian Embassy, and said the 30-year-old had written a letter to his wife asking permission to die a martyr.
Charges Possible for Dave Matthews Band CHICAGO - Authorities were considering criminal charges Wednesday against the Dave Matthews Band and one of its tour bus drivers for allegedly dumping human waste from a bus into the Chicago River, dousing a tour boat filled with passengers.    The announcement came a day after the state sued the band and driver Stefan Wohl, accusing them of violating state water pollution and public nuisance laws...
Schilling Has Successful Ankle Surgery  BOSTON (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling  underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in  his right ankle.
McCormack #39;s sports empire sold for 390m IMG, the sports and celebrity management group that lists Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova and golfer Tiger Woods among its clients, was yesterday sold for \$700m (390m).
ADV: Free Anti-Virus Scan If your computer is slowing down or crashing, you may have a virus. Scan now to find out!  Detects viruses, spyware and worms. Includes free spam and popup blockers.
Sprint Certifies Xserve and QuickTime Sprint and Apple announced that the Xserve G5 and QuickTime have been certified as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for Sprint #146;s new PCS Vision Multimedia Services. Aug 26
Feds search for 127 firearms missing from Millbrae locker MILLBRAE, Calif. Federal authorities are investigating one of the region #39;s largest gun heists in years after a gun dealer reported dozens of firearms missing from a Millbrae storage locker.
Tarnished silver for US women ATHENS, Greece -- The American women #39;s gymnasts were in contention for the team gold medal Tuesday night, needing a big finish to beat the Romanians. Courtney Kupets, who had to be replaced on the balance beam because of a pulled hamstring, decided to ...
Key Militant Suspect in Deadly US Consulate Bombing Arrested Consulate in Karachi two years ago, but another key member of his network remains at large, a senior official said Thursday. Naveed-ul Hassan was detained Wednesday at a clothing shop he had been running for
Springsteen Kicks Off 'Vote for Change' PHILADELPHIA - Two of the biggest forces in rock music over the last 20 years were plugging in the amplifiers Friday to kick off a high-volume effort to oust President Bush on Nov. 2...
Nokia to offer encryption tool The handset maker is teaming up with a Swedish security company to offer encryption software for some of its phones.
New Web Site Helps Compare Gasoline Prices By MICHAEL RUBINKAM     PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Hate it when you fill 'er up and, five minutes later, spot another station selling gas for a nickel a gallon cheaper?    Jason Toews, a 30-year-old computer programmer from the Minneapolis suburbs, hated it even more when he couldn't find an easy way to shop around.    ""I even tried calling up some of the stations to find out what their prices are and they usually didn't like to tell you over the phone,"" he said...
Zimbabwe 'faces food shortages' MPs say Zimbabwe will run out of food before next year's harvest, despite government assurances.
NHL plans to reject the players #39; latest proposal The NHL plans to reject the players #39; association #39;s latest collective bargaining agreement proposal today in Toronto, and the 2004-05 season appears destined for cancellation.
Airlines Likely To Change Tack An aviation analyst believes Air New Zealand and Qantas will amend their bid to form an alliance and work instead on sharing resources.
Baxter Ends Flu Vaccine Trial; Cites Side Effects Troubled hospital products maker Baxter International Inc. on Thursday said it halted a late-stage European trial of its experimental flu vaccine because of higher-than-expected rates of fever.
SI.com LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Wilson Alvarez continues to pitch his best when the Los Angeles Dodgers need it most.
Summit boosts sea life protection Greater protection to great white sharks and other big fish are among successes to emerge from the world species summit.
Uncomfortable diplomatic moment for Kofi Annan TONY EASTLEY: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has uncomfortably seen for himself China #39;s continuing sensitivity to any questioning of the government #39;s human rights record.
Branson plays space invaders in California desert Life in Mojave Town, the windswept and deserted frontier trading post in the Californian desert where the new Virgin Galactic base is located, is far from space age.
USC Strengthens BCS No. 1 Hold; Oklahoma No. 2  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Southern California and  Oklahoma are still the top teams in the Bowl Championship  Series standings, while Auburn remained third and on the  outside looking in at the national championship game with one  week remaining in the regular season.
NASA Recruits Stunt Pilots To Catch Sun Capsule NASA has enlisted the aid of Hollywood stunt pilots to retrieve a space capsule as it falls to Earth. The Genesis probe has collected tiny particles of the sun -- a stream of charged atoms known as  quot;solar wind quot; -- from a region located about ...
BC, Maine: Chosen two The Boston College and University of Maine men's hockey teams made up half of last season's Frozen Four, and at least in the pollsters' eyes, they're good bets to make it back there.
Mr Palestine is dead Throughout last week, the name of Yasser Arafat dominated the news of the world. Arafat was the 75-year-old Palestinian leader who had ruled 40 years.
SHOPTLAK: A Phrase That Heals All Wounds (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - No one in advertising can doubt the power of juvenile humor. Now, Marvin Waldman wants to put it to good use. The former executive creative director at Young   Rubicam in New York, who left in 1999 to focus on social-marketing projects, has come up with a bumper sticker and Web site introducing a phrase he says can bring Democrats and Republicans together: ""Cheney is a Dick.""
Judge Orders Martha Stewart to Surrender NEW YORK -- A federal judge today ordered Martha Stewart to surrender for prison by October 8th, granting a request by the celebrity homemaker to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale.
Bush's Campaign Site Reported Blocking (AP) AP - U.S. President George W. Bush's official campaign Web site has blocked access to foreign Web surfers since Monday, an Internet monitoring company said Wednesday.
SPORTS BRIEFS Top-seeded Andre Agassi beat Spain #39;s Fernando Verdasco 7-6 (4), 6-2 yesterday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals for the first time.
Car bombings kill 17 Iraqis BAGHDAD -- Two car bomb attacks killed at least 17 Iraqi security officers on duty yesterday in the Sunni Triangle north and west of the capital, and two foreign truck drivers were fatally shot in the northern city of Mosul.
CLEVELAND PITCHER SHOT IN CALF ON TOUR BUS A pitcher for the Cleveland Indians is recovering from a shooting after Wednesday nights game. Rookie Kyle Denney was struck in his calf.
Woods seizes first strokeplay title of year Tiger Woods picked up his first strokeplay title of a difficult year when he romped to an eight-shot victory at the Japanese tour event in Miyazaki.
Dow says no basis in BBC Bhopal report (Reuters) Reuters - Dow Chemical Co said on Friday that there was no basis whatsoever in a BBC World report saying that it had accepted responsibility for India's Bhopal disaster.
Jobs report surprise a bonanza for CME volume Turnover on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange #39;s (CME.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Globex electronic trading platform hit a record on Friday after the surprising US jobs report, the largest US futures exchange said on Monday.
From start to finish, it was always USC You often see thoroughbred horses do it. Baseball teams have jumped out ahead in the standings and stayed there all the way through to a World Series victory.
Arrivederci Roma for Voeller after 26 days ROME - Another week, another European soccer coach gone. Roma #39;s Rudi Voeller became the latest coaching casualty, handing in his resignation after the club #39;s 1-3 away defeat by nine-man Bologna on Saturday.
Russia sets date for auction of oil giant Yukos The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase yesterday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company's richest energy fields and demanded another \$6 billion in back taxes from a business already facing a crippling \$14 billion bill for outstanding taxes and fines.
29 N. Koreans flee into South Korean school in Beijing A group of 29 North Koreans fled into a South Korean school in Beijing yesterday to seek asylum, exactly one week after an earlier group defected under similar circumstances.
Controversy Delays Net Song-Swap Bill in Senate (Reuters) Reuters - A measure that would make it easier\to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus\failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers\said there was too much opposition.
EU warns Iran of  #39;serious situation #39; on nuclear plans BRUSSELS - European Union foreign ministers Monday urged Iran to suspend its uranium enrichment activities, saying Tehran could face a  quot;serious situation quot; if it continued to defy the international community.
Local firm in pact to turn corn to plastic Plastic made from corn could soon be widely available, the result of a joint venture signed yesterday between a small Cambridge company with MIT roots and Archer Daniels Midland Co. , the multibillion-dollar agribusiness.
Report: Bertuzzi near plea bargain Vancouver, BC (Sports Network) - Vancouver Canucks forward Todd Bertuzzi is close to reaching a plea bargain in his assault case, according to the Vancouver Province.
Microsoft appeals against EU order to strip down Windows US software giant Microsoft insisted Friday that nobody would want to buy its Windows operating system without Media Player, in an appeal against an EU ruling that it had abused its market dominance.
NEC updates vector supercomputer com October 21, 2004, 5:09 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
SERIES NOTEBOOK: St. Louis hopes Busch friendlier ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals returned to Busch Stadium on a warm, sunny autumn Monday after two straight World Series losses in cold, rainy Boston.
Russias LUKoil and ConocoPhillips plan joint work in Iraq Moscow, 29 September: LUKoil and ConocoPhillips are to carry out joint work in Iraq, LUKoil vice-president Leonid Fedun told journalists today immediately after the sale at auction of the state package of shares in LUKoil.
Rangers Reliever Francisco Suspended for Season NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Texas Rangers relief pitcher Frank Francisco was suspended for the rest of the 2004 season Friday by Major League Baseball after tossing a chair into the stands and hitting two fans in the head earlier this week.
Pakistan denies claim of progress in bin Laden hunt ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - The government dismissed a top American counterterrorism official #39;s claim of progress in the hunt for Osama bin Laden, saying today that Pakistan does not have any information on the Al Qaeda leader #39;s whereabouts.
No. 16 N.C. State Beats Manhattan, 76-60 (AP) AP - Julius Hodge bounced back from a brief benching to finish with 17 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists, helping No. 16 North Carolina State hold off pesky Manhattan 76-60 Sunday night.
US: Diageo to sell General Mills shares Diageo is looking to sell part of its stake in General Mills Inc. The drinks giant announced yesterday (4 October) that it plans to sell around 33.
Blast at Russian mine kills 13 in industry #39;s latest disaster MOSCOW : A blast at a Siberian mine killed 13 men in the latest disaster to strike Russia #39;s accident-prone industry that has been chronically short of funds following the Soviet collapse.
Numbering System Announced For Internet Phone Users The Internet is receiving its own batch of phone numbers for Voice over Broadband (VoB) phone services, the UK #39;s Telecom regulating body Ofcom announced today.
South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold to bid for GFI to create world leader JOHANNESBURG : South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. said it would bid for control of Gold Fields Ltd, valuing it at 8.1 billion dollars (6.
Florida Keys Empty Ahead of Hurricane KEY WEST, Fla. - Many businesses were shuttered and streets were largely deserted Saturday as residents fled from this normally bustling island resort town amid concern that Hurricane Ivan was heading for Florida...
Spitzer Denies Wall Street Journal Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer, who is suing insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; on fraud and bid-rigging charges, said on Thursday  negotiations with the company have just begun and no settlement  value has yet been discussed.
Militants kill 12 policemen in southern Baghdad A group of militants raided two police stations in Baghdad on Friday, killing 12 policemen and wounding several others, police said.
Redskins Rookie Taylor Pleads Not Guilty to DUI Charge FAIRFAX, Va. (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins rookie safety Sean Taylor Wednesday pleaded not guilty to a drunken driving charge.
US House, Senate Negotiators Agree on \$146 Bln Tax-Cut Plan US House and Senate negotiators agreed on a \$146 billion tax-cut plan that includes the renewal of four breaks for middle-income families and 23 business provisions.
Dutch Forces Nab 2 Suspects in Standoff (AP) AP - Special forces overpowered two suspected Islamic extremists Wednesday after a 15-hour armed standoff, adding to Dutch concerns that global terrorism has spread into their corner of Europe.
Microsoft to end antitrust issue Microsoft will pay as much as \$500 million as a part of settlement of the antitrust lawsuit that may be filed by rival software maker Novell, the company said Monday, within an attempt to end its antitrust fight.
Scientists Recover Critical Genesis Parts (AP) AP - NASA scientists said they have recovered some critical pieces of the Genesis space capsule intact and are optimistic the wreckage will yield valuable information about the origins of the solar system.
Murdoch #39;s goodbye to Wapping print Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation is to close its Wapping printing site with the loss of up to 700 jobs and spend more than 600m on three new plants in Enfield, Glasgow and Liverpool.
Yahoo, Adobe Strike Search Toolbar Deal Yahoo said yesterday it struck a deal with Adobe Systems to distribute the Yahoo Search toolbar with Adobe software. The pact calls for Adobe Reader, the free software used to read PDF files, to include a Yahoo search box.
Blair to push for Mid East peace BRITISH Prime Minster Tony Blair called for new efforts to revive the Middle East peace process today after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and just hours before he sets off to visit US President George W. Bush.
Voters Head to the Polls in Australia Election  SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians voted on Saturday in an  election which offered the choice between a conservative  government that unreservedly backs the United States and its  Iraq war and a Labor opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
Circulation Fraud Contained, Audit Group Says  TORONTO, Nov. 11 -- The chairman of the newspaper industry's circulation-auditing body said Thursday that the organization would work to repair its image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four large U.S. newspapers.
EU takes over Bosnia mission The EU is due to begin is largest peacekeeping operation, taking over from the Nato mission in Bosnia.
TESTING TIMES FOR OWEN Striker Michael Owen is facing a battle to prove his form and fitness as the pressure grew on his starting place for Englands World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Grand theft intellectual property A stolen copy of the latest sequel in one of the top-selling video game series of all time began circulating on the Web late Wednesday, the second high-profile game theft in a week.
Kroger Quarterly Profit Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KR.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  grocer, on Tuesday reported a lower quarterly profit, hurt by  debt costs even as sales rebounded in Southern California where  it was hit by a strike.
China tightens grip on Internet freedom The Chinese government has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children access porn websites and play violent games, the government said, according to wired.
Dream Team Puts U.S. at Goal of 100 Medals ATHENS, Greece - While the U.S. men's basketball team fell short of its gold-medal goal, the bronze it won Saturday night helped the American delegation reach a bigger goal - it was the 100th U.S...
Depleted Wizards stun Grizzlies Even before it was over, Antawn Jamison and Juan Dixon were limping around the court, trying to relieve aching muscles stretched to the limit.
Three share lead in South Carolina North Augusta, SC (Sports Network) - Grace Park, Kim Saiki and Silvia Cavalleri each posted rounds of six-under-par 66 on Thursday to share the first-round lead of the Asahi Ryokuken International Championship.
Bushmeat trade thriving in Kenya The meat from wild animals killed illegally is being sold in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, a report has said.
Update: Omnipod beefs up instant messaging service Omnipod, which provides hosted instant message (IM) services to companies of all sizes, is preparing several enhancements to its platform, including the additions of a Web-based client, a telephony component and a persistent-chat feature, Omnipod's chief executive officer said.
Expand Beyond gets broad wireless patent Expand Beyond Corp., which makes tools for remotely managing databases, has been awarded a broad patent for technology used to monitor and manage computer systems from a wireless device, the company announced Friday.
NASA Still Lacks Shuttle Repair Kits (AP) AP - Nearly two years after Columbia shattered in the sky, NASA still has no way of repairing the kind of holes that could doom another shuttle, space agency officials acknowledged Monday in their latest status report on the return-to-flight effort.
Bush to Meet With Leaders of Mexico, Chile President Bush aims to dispel the perception of U.S. neglect of Latin America and burnish an American reputation damaged by the Iraq war, undertaking a second-term diplomatic offensive in the region akin to his recent courting of Europe.
The Moog Synthesizer Makes a Comeback A growing number of contemporary musicians and techno enthusiasts have reignited interest in the Moog, which can synthesize any sound imaginable.
Clarke seeks club warm-up for NZ test SYDNEY: Australian legend-in-the-making Michael Clarke trained with New South Wales yesterday, but has stuck to his pledge to play club cricket rather than face New Zealand today.
Numbers of poor, uninsured rise The US poverty rate rose, incomes stagnated, and more Americans went without health insurance last year, even though economic growth surged, according to Census Bureau data released yesterday.
UN to Vote on Gaza Onslaught, Israel Escalates JABALIYA, Gaza Strip, October 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - As the United Nations was set to vote Tuesday, October 5, on a resolution calling on Israel to halt its bloodiest onslaught on Gaza in years, Israels occupation army pressed ahead
Army: May Not Withhold Halliburton Money  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army on Tuesday appeared to  reverse a decision to stop paying a portion of Halliburton  Co.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; bills in Iraq and gave the company more time to  resolve a billing dispute.
BT to sell BlackBerrys in Europe BT on Monday struck a deal with Research In Motion to market RIM #39;s BlackBerry mobile e-mail and personal information management system in Europe.
EU urged to  #39;get back to work #39; after three-week limbo Incoming European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso on Wednesday urged the EU to  quot;get back to work quot;, ahead of a vote expected to end an unprecedented limbo and let him take office three weeks late.
SunGard to Spin Off Data Unit SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, plans to spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company.
Clemens will be rested, ready A few hours before the Houston Astros' regular-season finale, Roger Clemens was sick to his stomach and hooked up to an IV tube.
EU, US brace for turbulence at Boeing-Airbus talks BRUSSELS : The United States wants Europe to end all future government support for Boeing #39;s arch-rival in commercial plane-making, Airbus Industrie, or face legal action, a senior official said.
Oil Prices Slide Despite Iraq Export Drop WASHINGTON (AP) -- Oil prices fell for a fifth consecutive day Thursday despite a sharp drop in Iraqi exports after pipelines were sabotaged -- evidence that the bull market may have lost some steam.
Gap Profit Off, Sees More Store Closings (Reuters) Reuters - Gap Inc. (GPS.N), the largest U.S.\specialty apparel retailer, on Thursday reported a slight\decline in quarterly profit, meeting lowered forecasts, after\summer clearance sales drew surprisingly small crowds.
In-Flight Gambling Next On Ryanair #39;s Wish List Airline passengers may soon be able to wile away the air miles with in-flight gambling if low-cost carrier Ryanair #39;s latest cash-generation scheme becomes reality.
Wenger ruling out goalkeeper swoop LONDON, England -- Arsene Wenger has ruled out a January transfer swoop for Australia #39;s Mark Schwarzer or any of the other goalkeepers he has been linked with.
Microsoft to enter backup market Analysts speculate that the software giant will focus on the low end of the market, at least initially.
Tonight on TV MISSOURI (1-0) VS. TROY STATE (1-0) When, where: Tonight, 7, at Troy, Ala. TV: ESPN2 AP ranking: Missouri is No. 19 The line: Missouri by 10 1/2 Last meeting: 2002, Missouri won, 44-7 What to watch: Missouri QB Brad Smith completed 14 of 22 passes for 233 yards, threw three TD passes and ran for a 34-yard score in a ...
France targets Ivorian air force France's president orders his forces to destroy any planes breaking Ivory Coast's truce after eight French deaths.
What alZarqawi knows Its often been said in recent weeks that you cant negotiate with terrorists. Morally thats right: in the case of the Jordanian Abu Muab alZarqawi and his Tawhid  amp; Jihad interlopersgroup, the statement is also fact.
Wall St. on trial over Enron Six former Enron and Merrill Lynch executives were accused Tuesday of disguising a \$7 million loan as a sale of energy-producing barges to  quot;help Enron out of a jam quot; and artificially boost its revenue.
Iraqi officials investigating infiltrators #39; role in ambush Iraqi officials opened an investigation Monday into the role played by infiltrators in the ambush on Sunday that left 49 Iraqi National Guard trainees dead, in the face
Sports: Red Sox 8 Yankees 3 after 7 NEW YORK After being stymied by Boston starter Derek Lowe for six innings, the New York Yankees struck for two runs against Pedro Martinez in a rare relief appearance.
Rentokil shares drop on profit warning Rentokil warned investors to expect lower profits for 2005 after reported a fall in profits for most of the 2004 and revealed it was finally washing its hands of parts of its UK hygiene business.
Terror suspects' photos shown  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Photos were published yesterday in newspapers across Pakistan of six terror suspects, including a senior Al Qaeda operative, the government says were behind attempts to assassinate the nation's president.
Greenspan Urges Look at Senior Benefit Costs Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on Friday urged Washington policymakers to consider reducing future Social Security and Medicare benefits, saying that
Borders dealt to Twins for outfielder Garbe The Mariners traded catcher Pat Borders to the Minnesota Twins today, in exchange for BJ Garbe, a minor league outfielder from Moses Lake.
Typhoon Ma-On Nears Japan, May Strike Tokyo  TOKYO (Reuters) - A powerful typhoon, one of the strongest  storms recorded in Asia this year, churned toward Japan on  Saturday, lashing the nation with heavy rain, prompting  evacuations and threatening to strike Tokyo.
Dodd has the last laugh after marathon wait WELSHMAN Stephen Dodd began the new European tour season by ending a 15-year wait for his first title. The 38-year-old from Cardiff, who turned professional after becoming
Sporadic Violence in Bangladesh After Rally Attack  DHAKA (Reuters) - Angry mobs ransacked a railway station  and burned train coaches in Bangladesh on Sunday, officials  said, as sporadic violence erupted after grenade attacks on an  opposition party rally killed at least 17 people.
Cassini spacecraft takes a close-up look at Saturn #39;s giant moon &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PASADENA, Calif. Scientists are about to get their closest-ever look at Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan, a kind of planet-wannabe, and the only moon with an atmosphere.
Security Standards Pushed To Encourage M-Commerce  quot;This collaboration directly enhances hand-held architectures to provide the trusted capabilities vital for widespread adoption of mobile commerce and enterprise usage, quot; Sean Maloney, an Intel vice president, said.
Bush signs extension to R D tax credit WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Monday signed a bill that included an 18 month extension of a research and development (R D) tax credit sought by many IT groups.
Man who brought Americans the Yugo now plans on importing Chinese cars to U.S. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - DETROIT (AP) - The man who brought the Yugo and Subaru to the United States and built a gull-wing sports car in Canada bearing his name now has a new project - selling Chinese-made cars in the United States.
China to lead recovey in air travel industry Geneva - China is expected to be the world #39;s fastest-growing market for air travel as the world #39;s airlines look for global growth in passenger traffic of 6 percent annually over the next four years, the top industry body said on Wednesday.
Government Mum On World Cup Bid The Government was dragging its heels yesterday when the Ministry of Sport failed to come out with a clear message of support for South Africa #39;s bid to host the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Microsoft plans to announce new media center Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software company, is planning to launch 2005 version of their Media Center software program on Oct. 12.
German teen indicted over Sasser computer worm (AFP) AFP - German prosecutors indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralyzed millions of computers around the world last spring.
Rite Aid official gets 10 years for fraud harrisburg, pa.Franklin Brown, a former Rite Aid Corp. chief counsel convicted of accounting fraud, was sentenced yesterday to 10 years in prison by a judge who rejected his arguments that the term would be a death sentence because he is 76 and ill.
The Scalability of Full Content Feeds \\There has been a lot of talk  recently about the problem of RSS feeds which\include full content on high bandwidth sites such as MSDN blogs.\\When RSS is used for a site with both a great amount of users, and with frequent\updates, the bandwidth required to deliver realtime events can be problematic.\\Its a real problem.  The RSS model requires clients to download the ENTIRE feed\if even ONE item has been modified/added.  This means that if you have 55k\subscribers, with 15 RSS items in your feed, and you want to publish one more\post, all 14 additional posts need to be re-downloaded by the client.\\There are a lot of potential solutions. HTTP deltas are one solution but too\difficult to imp ...\\
Second round of Pakistan-India talks in Nov-Dec ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has conveyed its calendar of meetings on Confidence Building Measures (CBMs) to India as part of composite dialogue process that will begin from Nov 29 to December 16.
Notes, Quotes From 2004 Campaign in Mo. (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry lost his battle to make Missouri a battleground state.
Spam wins the second round THE battle against spam took a turn for the worse yesterday when America Online pulled back support for an industry-wide email authentication system aimed at reducing junk email.
Margaret Hassan Believed Dead The family of Margaret Hassan, the 59-year-old aid worker kidnapped in Iraq last month, said Tuesday they believed she was dead.
Top Ten National Geographic News Stories of 2004 Cicadas, a possible flooded future, and the discovery of a hobbit-like human were the most popular National Geographic News stories in 2004. Read the full list and ""vote"" by clicking on the stories.
General Growth Properties to Buy Rouse  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Growth Properties Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GGP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GGP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S. shopping mall owner, on Friday said it  would buy Rouse Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RSE.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$7.2 billion, expanding its  holdings of regional shopping centers and commercial property.
Mizuki Noguchi of Japan wins women #39;s marathon gold Japan #39;s Mizuki Noguchi captured the gold medal in the women #39;s marathon at the Olympic Games in Athens on August 22. Noguchi, silver medalist in last year #39;s world championships in Paris, took over the lead
Heat Win 5th Straight, Beat Wizards 106-83 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal scored a season-high 40 points, and the Miami Heat overcame the loss of leading scorer Dwyane Wade to beat the Washington Wizards 106-83 Monday night for their fifth straight win.
Baird Leading Mickey Mouse Club LAKE BUENA VISTA - It #39;s true. Nothing puts more smiles on more faces than a trip to Disney World. If there was any doubt, just take a look at this week #39;s Funai Classic leader board.
JAIL GETS MAKEOVER ALDERSON, W.Va. - The federal lockup Martha Stewart will call home for the next five months is getting a makeover just in time for domestic diva #39;s arrival this week.
Australia #39;s Metcash Unveils A\$846M Bid For Foodland -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian grocery and liquor wholesaler Metcash Trading Ltd. (MTT.AU) Monday launched aA\$846 million takeover bid for the Australian assets of Perth-based Foodland Associated Ltd.
NASA securing space center for possible strike by Ivan CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. NASA is still picking up the pieces after Hurricane Frances, and now the space port is bracing for the even more menacing Ivan.
Mashburn out for the entire 2004-05 NBA season Former All-Star forward Jamal Mashburn will miss the entire 2004-05 NBA season because of a knee injury that could end his career.
Kostelic takes first World Cup race in nearly 2 years Janica Kostelic of Croatia beat Anja Paerson of Sweden Saturday to take her first World Cup race in nearly two years in Aspen of Colorado, the United States.
IBM Rounds Out EMC Support IBM Friday said it has filled out gaps in its virtualization portfolio, adding support for EMC #39;s remaining Clariion systems. The company added Clariion 300, 500 and 700 systems support for its SAN Volume Controller
Australian zone widens  #39;deputy sheriff #39; net Australia #39;s plans to create a maritime surveillance zone reaching into Indonesian waters is an example of its insensitivity to Asia and will bolster the view of Australia
In Party Speech, Blair Admits Political Cost of Iraq Mistakes Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that there had been a decline of public trust in his government over the military campaign in Iraq and he offered
Wi-Fi extensions should breathe new life into 802.11a Extension ratified for Japanese and US public safety band
Cisco to Acquire Perfigo In another move to address the increased threat and impact of worms and viruses to networked businesses, Cisco Systems, Inc. (www.
3 SAUDI COPS MASSACRED September 6, 2004 -- RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Three Saudi Arabian security men were killed yesterday in clashes with militants in the northern city of Buraydah, state television reported.
Symantec to Buy Veritas Software in Deal Worth \$13.5 Billion Symantec, a leader in security software, will acquire Veritas, a maker of data storage programs, to create the world's fourth-largest software company.
Man held in Cisco case British police have arrested a 20-year-old man in northern England on suspicion of involvement in the theft and posting in May of a key piece of software from Cisco Systems.
Top-three seeds waltz out of Vienna Vienna, Austria (Sports Network) - Top seeds David Nalbandian, Nicolas Massu and Rainer Schuettler were all quarterfinal losers Friday at the indoor BA-CA Tennis Trophy.
Safe Mode in Windows Helps Fix What Ails It Booting up in safe mode; how to record vinyl records onto a PC; external floppy drives.
SSL VPN security threatened by desktop search engines New PC indexing tools such as Google Desktop Search pose security risks to businesses that useSSL remote access because the tools copy material accessed during SSL sessions and make it available to unauthorized people who later use the same PC.
Jamaica to Provide Free Internet Access KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP) -- Jamaica's government on Tuesday announced a \$5 million program to provide free Internet access in poor communities across the island.    The ""e-Jamaica"" initiative will establish 60 Internet centers across the country by 2010, mostly in post offices, said Commerce and Technology Minister Phillip Paulwell...
Sudan makes progress over Darfur: Straw The Sudanese government has made progress in meeting UN demands to end the Darfur crisis, Britain #39;s Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Tuesday during a trip to the Abu Shouk refugee camp in northern Darfur.
Bomb at Pakistan Shiite Mosque Kills Four ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Oct. 10, 2004 - A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, killing at least four people and injuring others, officials said.
Sony agrees MGM deal The Sony Corporation today agreed to buy the Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and its valuable film library after rival Time Warner withdrew from the bidding.
Watchdog rules over broadband  The UK's ad watchdog rules over which net connections can be described as full speed broadband.
Midgley carries Cal with career-high 28 It #39;s official: Cal junior Richard Midgley is now a point guard and a shooting guard. Moved to the point four games ago when Ayinde Ubaka broke his foot, Midgley never has shot the ball better.
Curtain rises on new HP line Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, using MTV #39;s Video Music Awards as a backdrop, launched HP #39;s model of Apple Computer #39;s popular iPod portable music player during a presentation in Miami Beach on Friday.
Healthy Ground Game As a team, the Cavaliers have every intention of making this the season their running game becomes dominant, and a healthy Wali Lundy looks to lead the charge.
Indians Rout Yankees 22-0 in Epic Defeat (AP) AP - The hits and runs kept coming, spinning by on the scoreboard as fast as symbols on a slot machine. It wasn't just a rout, it was an epic defeat, the most one-sided in the 101-year history of the New York Yankees. Cleveland's 22-0 victory Tuesday night matched the biggest post-1900 shutout margin in the major leagues, Pittsburgh's win at the Chicago Cubs on Sept. 16, 1975.
Guti warns Owen of Raul Spanish midfielder Guti has warned Real Madrid team-mate Michael Owen that he would need to produce an exceptional performance if he has any ambitions of taking Raul #39;s place in the starting line-up.
Common Sense Investing If the Sun Belt is where the growth is, then Southern Company is a place to be.
4 Killed, 22 Injured in Kashmir Attack Indian army soldiers inspect near the site of a suicide car bombing near Singhpora, some 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Srinagar, India, Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004.
Earliest Unhatched-Bird Fossil Found #151;Old as Dinosaurs A 121-million-year-old fossil of an unhatched bird has been found in China. The fossil suggests early bird species, like dinosaurs, were well developed at birth, scientists say.
Ask Jeeves bets on smart search Ask Jeeves overhauls its website, results system and mascot, as search becomes increasingly competitive.
Greece tackles road safety after crash Greece announced stringent measures to improve safety on its roads yesterday as the country mourned seven schoolchildren killed in a traffic accident on their way to the Paralympics.
Windies win toss and field WEST INDIES captain Brian Lara won the toss and put South Africa into bat in the ICC Champions Trophy Pool B deciding match at The Oval today.
Myanmar won #39;t let Indian rebels use its soil Myanmar #39;s top military general Than Shwe on Monday assured Indian leadership that his country would not allow its territory to be used by anti-India insurgents groups.
House GOP Seeks to Quash Draft Rumor WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought Tuesday to quash an undying Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well.    The specter of a wartime military draft like that of the Vietnam era has lingered around the presidential campaign for the past few weeks, fueled by an e-mail driven rumor mill and a campaign by Rock the Vote, a nonpartisan group that seeks to boost voting among young people...
Google Slashes the Size of Its IPO NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the size of its closely watched initial public offering nearly in half to less than \$2 billion on Wednesday, splashing cold water on what has been touted as the hottest Internet IPO in years.
BT board rejig follows Danon exit BT finance chief Ian Livingston will replace former  retail head Paul Danon at the UK telecoms giant, the company announces.
Gold Hits 16-Year High; Asian Shares Gain  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Gold hit its highest level in more  than 16 years Tuesday as a steadier dollar failed to cool  worries over the currency's outlook, while Asian stocks gained  after a solid performance on Wall Street.
Brown #39;s available The Yankees were so encouraged after Kevin Brown threw a bullpen session Friday that they put off announcing their starter for Sunday #39;s game one more day.
Golkar Party congress to see  #39;sharks #39; fight for control This week #39;s Golkar Party congress will feature rich, deceptive and powerful people bidding to win the chairmanship of the party, which controls the most seats in the House of Representatives.
Schroeder avoids big new losses Local election results in Germany #39;s most populous state indicate another setback for Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder - but the decline has slowed.
U.N. Hostages' Captors Extend Deadlines (AP) AP - Militants claiming to hold three U.N. hostages in Afghanistan postponed a Friday deadline for carrying out their threat to kill the trio, giving United Nations and Afghan officials another day to open negotiations.
Ukraine crisis 'sparks bank rout' Worries over the political situation have sparked a run on Ukraine's banks, the country's central bank admits.
Help From Above Jump-Starts Jets The Jets' defense shut down the San Francisco 49ers in the second half, paving the way for a come-from-behind victory that was sprinkled with subplots.
Scoring goof taints gold One of the feel-good stories of the Olympics turned sour Saturday, becoming the latest in a long line of scoring controversies that seem to show up in every Games.
Darfur rebels boycott talks for 24 hours over attacks ABUJA : Darfur #39;s two rebel groups said they would boycott African Union-led peace talks with Sudanese officials for one day in protest at alleged recent attacks on civilians by government forces.
Two decades of DNA fingerprints The breakthrough was made accidentally by Professor Sir Alec Jeffreys at the city #39;s university on 10 September 1984. Since then, the technique has been used to trap criminals, identify victims of war, settle
KDE 3.3 Linux desktop closes in on Windows The final release of KDE 3.3, an open-source Linux desktop environment, is due in a few days and will give users greatly improved email facilities.
Online Groups Brag About Movie Piracy In not-too-secret online forums, Wesley Snipes' latest movie, ""Blade: Trinity,"" is the subject of intense discussion and evaluation. But unlike typical movie fan sites, the chatter from visitors to Web sites like VCDQuality.com doesn't key on the vampire film's plot, acting or bloody visual effects. Instead, computer users dish out praise or criticism on the caliber of video and sound achieved by online groups whose sole mission is to make available unauthorized copies of Hollywood films within a day or two of a movie's debut, if not before.
Death Toll from Israel #39;s Gaza Offensive Rises to 100 Israeli air strikes killed five Palestinians in Gaza Thursday as the Palestinian death toll rose to 100 in a 16-day-old army offensive aimed at crushing militants behind rocket salvoes into Israel.
Dell  AMD? In 2003, AMD launched the Opteron, a server chip that made the argument for 64-bit processing without ditching 32-bit investments.
Raikkonen is not running scared As Formula One inches towards a conclusion in its drive for radical change, Kimi Raikkonen offered further evidence that the effort might be in vain.
U.S., G7 Allies Agree on Iraq Debt Relief (Reuters) Reuters - The United States, Germany and other G7\nations agreed on Saturday to write off up to 80 percent of\Iraq's  #36;120 billion foreign debt in a move that could pave the\way for a wider international accord, officials said.
Oil prices raise cost of gasoline LOS ANGELES - Gasoline prices have climbed nearly 8 cents a gallon in the last two weeks because of record-high crude oil prices, and they are likely to continue rising, an industry analyst said Sunday.
Siebel creates cheaper, SMB software version Siebel Systemshas quietly introduced a version of its CRM (customer relationship management) sales software tailored for midmarket companies.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?"" width=""1"" height=""1"" border=""0""/&gt;&lt;a href=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10""&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;
Disney backs Sony #39;s Blu-ray DVD format It is being billed as the DVD equivalent of the Betamax versus VHS video format battle of the early 1980s. Disney announced yesterday it has signed up to Sony #39;s Blu-ray technology for the
Newsday trimming work force by 100 _ Newsday is cutting as many as 100 jobs through voluntary and non-voluntary buyouts, the Long Island newspaper #39;s publisher said Thursday.
Children wounded in attack US warplanes fired on insurgent targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City overnight, killing at least one person and injuring 12 -- many of them children -- hospital officials said yesterday.
Viacom Pegs \$8 Billion for Buyback Viacom (VIAB:NYSE - news - research) reported 4 revenue growth for the quarter, increased its dividend and put a size on the stock repurchase program long promised by CEO Sumner Redstone.
Qwest to Settle with SEC for \$250 Million Qwest Communications International Inc. (QN: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle financial and disclosure fraud charges, a source familiar with the matter said on Friday.
Cap Harnesses Human Thought to Move PC Cursor Scientists say they have developed a non-invasive, brain-computer interface that enables a person to move a cursor across a computer screen just by thinking about it.
Father of Nike, Marketing Guru Gives Up Post Philip H. Knight resigned yesterday as head of the Oregon sneaker company that he built into Nike Inc., a global sportswear powerhouse that made everyone want to soar in Air Jordans, Wear
Thales, EADS have no merger plans: EADS chief (AFP) AFP - The French-British defence electronics group Thales and the European aerospace group EADS do not have a plan to merge, EADS co-chairman Philippe Camus said.
EU failed to become the world #39;s most competitive economy, report &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BRUSSELS Europe #39;s efforts to become the world #39;s most competitive economy have failed, and the European social model faces collapse unless the Continent #39;s governments stimulate growth and create more jobs, according to a report published Wednesday.
Arafat #39;s health raises questions about Mideast As Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat clung to life Thursday, many in the West began to hope -- not for his death, but for the possibility that peace might follow it.
Russia makes overture on Kurils Russia says is ready to resolve its dispute with Japan over the Kuril islands, seized by the Soviets in 1945.
You #39;ll Laugh. You #39;ll Cry. But This Merger May Not Be a Hit. IF the latest takeover drama were a movie, it would probably be a straight-to-video tragicomedy. Last week, Blockbuster, the video rental chain, precipitated collective head-scratching
Arroyo asks Muslims for help on Filipino hostages President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo appealed to world Muslim leaders today to help secure the release of Filipino hostages in Afghanistan and Iraq as anxious relatives prayed for their safety.
Orioles Cruise Past Blue Jays 9-3 (AP) AP - Miguel Tejada homered and drove in three runs to boost his major league-leading RBIs total to 146, and the Baltimore Orioles cruised past the Toronto Blue Jays 9-3 Thursday night.
Gartner: Q2 server shipments up on Sun, Dell strength Server shipments and revenue increased in the second quarter as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Dell Inc. gained market share at the expense of Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and IBM Corp., according to research released by Gartner Inc. Wednesday.
Buckle up for holidays A traveler bound for a Thanksgiving feast at Aunt Louise #39;s house upstate can go online for directions or receive one-on-one attention, and a highlighted map, from Kristin Johnson and Liz Singleton.
SBC Inks Deal with Microsoft for IP TV Although telcos need to position themselves as strong competition to cable operators and VoIP providers, IDC #39;s Amy Harris questioned whether SBC #39;s effort will pay off.
Storms, fuel costs to take toll on JetBlue JetBlue Airways Corp. , a low-fare carrier flying mainly on the East Coast, said third-quarter profit will be lower than it expected because of hurricanes that forced flight cancellations in Florida and high fuel costs.
Denmark's First Players' Strike Is Over (AP) AP - Denmark's first soccer strike ended Thursday with an agreement between teams and the National Players' Association, which had walked out Aug. 17.
British press raps Chirac for Iraq comments, eyes positive future LONDON - British newspapers rapped French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday for reopening old wounds over Iraq on the eve of an official visit to Britain, but looked ahead to improved relations between the two European powers.
After the Bell-Magma sinks, Starbucks off and Hot Topic jumps Shares of software maker Magma Design Automation (LAVA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) slid over 10 percent in after-hours trade after warning that second-quarter orders would fall short of expectations.
Mars Rover Discovers Evidence of Moisture ; New Findings From &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA #39;s older Martian robotic rover, Spirit, has found evidence that underground water changed a major rock formation called the Columbia Hills, scientists said yesterday.
California OKs Anthem-WellPoint Deal  LOS ANGELES/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - California's insurance  commissioner on Tuesday ended his opposition to Anthem Inc.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ATH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ATH.N&lt;/A&gt; proposed \$16.5 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health  Networks Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WLP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WLP.N&lt;/A&gt; after Anthem agreed to hike its funding  of state health projects.
Jasikevicius makes most of second chance to stun US NBA stars (AFP) AFP - Lithuanian sharpshooter Sarunas Jasikevicius, snubbed by the National Basketball Association, made the most of his second chance to deliver a dagger into the hearts of a United States Olympic team of NBA talent.
Kuranyi gives Klinsmann debut win VIENNA, Austria -- Kevin Kuranyi scored a hat-trick as Germany began life under new coach Juergen Klinsmann with a 3-1 win in a friendly against Austria.
Chelsea off to a flyer LONDON: Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive Champions League title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening Group H match on Tuesday.
UN calls for immediate end to Congo fighting The United Nations called on Monday for an immediate ceasefire in eastern Congo as fighting between rival army factions flared for a third day.
Some fear it's a passport to identity theft It's December 2005 and you're all set for Christmas in Vienna. You have your most fashionable cold-weather gear, right down to the red maple leaves embroidered on your jacket and backpack, to conceal your American citizenship from hostile denizens of Europe.
RADCLIFFE CONFIDENT OVER NEW YORK BID Paula Radcliffe is confident she can overcome the mental scars left from her devastating Olympic performances when she makes her return to competitive racing in less than a fortnight #39;s time.
Indonesian court to try Ba #39;ashir next week The South Jakarta district court will begin next week to try Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Ba #39;ashir who was allegedly implicated in deadly terror acts in the country, a court official said on Monday.
4 Agree to Jail Sentences in Chip Price-Fixing Case Three German citizens and an American have agreed to serve jail time as part of an investigation into price fixing in the computer memory market.
UN deadline on Darfur approaches A deadline for Sudan's government to improve security in troubled Darfur is set to expire later on Monday.
HP discontinues its Itanium workstations Hewlett-Packard, one of the most aggressive promoters of Intel #39;s Itanium family of processors, is 86ing its line of workstations that use the chips.
Verizon unlikely to bid for Sprint update Verizon Communications has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint, people familiar with the situation said Tuesday, toppling a potential obstacle to Sprint #39;s \$37.8 billion bid for Nextel Communications.
St. John's holds off Xaverian An exciting Thanksgiving Day game between St. John's Prep and Xaverian is something that never changes.
Confessions of a British diplomat Should an ambassador speak out over human rights even if this upsets his or her own government? The question has been posed by the dismissal from his post as British ambassador to Uzbekistan
Shell Pleases City with Anglo-Dutch Merger Oil giant Shell swept aside nearly 100 years of history today when it unveiled plans to merge its UK and Dutch parent companies. Shell said scrapping its twin-board structure
Japan crush India while South Korea and China struggle (AFP) AFP - Newly-crowned Asian champions Japan stayed on course for the 2006 World Cup in convincing fashion while 10-man South Korea as well as China were made to struggle in qualifying matches.
FDA Approves Use of Chip in Patients WASHINGTON Oct. 13, 2004 - Medical milestone or privacy invasion? A tiny computer chip approved Wednesday for implantation in a patient #39;s arm can speed vital information about a patient #39;s medical history to doctors and hospitals.
Yushchenko seeks confidence vote Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko pursues a vote in parliament, as the crisis in Ukraine continues.
U.S. to Loan Strategic Reserve Crude Oil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two refiners will borrow crude oil  from the national emergency reserve to replace output lost due  to Hurricane Ivan and another oil major may be next to tap the  stockpile as prices near all-time highs.
1st Profit Forecast for Reynolds American (Reuters) Reuters - Reynolds American Inc. , parent\of the No. 2 U.S. cigarette company, on Wednesday forecast 2004\profit of  #36;5.75 to  #36;6.05 a share, its first forecast since the\company was formed at the end of July.
Arsenal chairman backs Wenger over Ruud row Arsenal won #39;t waver in their support for boss Arsene Wenger, despite the Frenchman being hit by an FA charge of misconduct last night.
NO NERVES FOR CONFIDENT ALMUNIA Arsenal goalkeeper Manuel Almunia insists he can handle the pressure if he keeps his place for Sundays Barclays Premiership showdown with Chelsea.
Braves stun Giants in ninth There #39;s a never-say die attitude floating around the Braves #39; clubhouse and it was displayed yet again Monday afternoon at Turner Field.
Spain: Barcelona beat Deportivo to maintain lead BARCELONA/ALBACETE, Nov 6 (SW) - Barcelona defeated Deportivo la Corua to maintain their lead in La Liga, while Albacete and Real Betis held each other to a draw.
But seriously folks Months away from the time of the season when it is considered admirable to give and not receive, we are locked into a pattern of generosity. Mostly because the teams that are getting the points just aren't worth supporting. Of course, giving points is always a risky proposition early in the season as you try to assess teams; consider last ...
I had faith in Paula PAULA RADCLIFFES husband and coach Gary Lough always believed she would bounce back in style from her Olympic nightmare. Radcliffe, 30, pipped Kenyan Susan Chepkemei to win the New York
New pension law makes life tougher for old-timers A smashing blow is being dealt to thousands of future pensioners by a law that has just been brought into force by the Federal Government.
US website offers Caller ID falsification service Overdue debtors beware: You may not be able to rely on Caller ID to screen out those annoying bill collectors much longer. A California entrepreneur has a plan to bring the hacker technique of Caller ID spoofing
Barcelo Crestline to Acquire Missouri-Based Hotel Group Barcelo Crestline Corp., a privately held McLean hotel company, said yesterday it plans to acquire a Missouri-based firm that is one of the country's largest independent owners and operators of hotels.
Quelling the fire Close your eyes. Imagine that Byrd Stadium is filled with people. Only these are not regular Terps fans. These are mainly men and boys uprooted from their villages - and they #39;re dead.
Movie industry sues file swappers Taking a page from the music industry #39;s playbook, the movie industry filed lawsuits in St. Louis and elsewhere Tuesday as part of a national campaign to crack down on piracy online.
DuPont Faces New Complaint Chemical giant DuPont Co. withheld information from federal officials that indicates a dozen residents near its Parkersburg, W.Va.
Protesters twice disrupt Blair #39;s speech at Labor #39;s conference Protesters have twice disrupted British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s speech at his ruling Labor #39;s annual conference in Brighton, southern England, as thousands of pro-hunt campaigners
AT amp;T Wireless Unveils Ogo Messenger Device Targeted for the teen and young-adult consumer markets, the Ogo will retail for \$99 following a \$30 mail-in rebate. Its clamshell design includes a 4K color screen and full Qwerty keypad with
Microsoft sees bespoke Windows everywhere &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Premium hand-tuning service available
Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report (AP) AP - Faced with a harshly critical new report, President Bush conceded Thursday that Iraq did not have the stockpiles of banned weapons he had warned of before the invasion last year, but insisted that ""we were right to take action"" against Saddam Hussein.
Alitalia board approves relaunch plan: 3,700 employees to be &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After winning union acceptance of job cuts, Alitalia gave formal approval Monday to a four-year business plan aimed at saving the near-bankrupt Italian airline from collapse.
Transactions BASEBALL Detroit (AL): Recalled P Roberto Novoa, OF Curtis Granderson and INF Ryan Raburn from Erie (EL).
Nets Get 23 From Jefferson, Beat Celtics Boston Celtics #39; Gary Payton scrambles over New Jersey Nets #39; Eric Williams after a loose ball during the first quarter Friday, Oct. 22, 2004, in Boston.
NCAA #39;s decision on Southern Cal receiver draws criticism Thursday #39;s decision by the NCAA not to reinstate Southern California star wide receiver Mike Williams drew particularly strident and pointed criticism from a high-ranking school
Bosnian local elections confirm strength of nationalists (AFP) AFP - Bosnians were reluctant voters in their third post-war local elections this weekend, with the ruling Croat, Muslim and Serb nationalists benefiting from the lower turnout, early results indicated.
Bitter foes, investment bedfellows It may be the only thing Dick Cheney and John F. Kerry have in common: One elite Boston investment firm controls large slices of their family fortunes.
Redskins Tied, 7-7 The Giants, capitalizing on a Washington turnover, have rallied to tie the Redskins, 7-7, in the second quarter at the blustery Meadowlands.
Sales drop sparks spending fears Figures showing a drop in retail sales spark fears that the recent consumer spending rebound could be coming to an end.
World Bank Chief to Step Down in '05 The comment was the first public acknowledgement by James D. Wolfensohn, president of the World Bank, 71, that he is unlikely to win the backing of the Bush administration for a third term.
Lately, it's been fast times World Series analyst Tim McCarver noted last week that his boss, Fox sports chairman David Hill, had made the point that baseball isn't a slow game, it's a fast game in terms of constant strategy and decision-making.
For the record Correction: Because of a reporting error, an article in yesterday's Nation pages incorrectly described a Bush campaign ad's accusation about John Kerry's role on the Senate Intelligence Committee in the 1990s. The ad accuses Kerry of having missed three-quarters of the committee's public hearings.
Bush barnstorms battleground state ahead of party convention (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush rolled across this battleground state, rallying supporters ahead of next week's Republican National Convention, where he will formally be nominated for another four-year term.
Nortel to Cut 3,500 Jobs to Boost Profit  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt;  posted long-awaited preliminary results for the first half of  2004 on Thursday, estimating first and second quarter earnings  between nil and 1 cent per share.
Weather blamed for whale beachings Cyclical weather patterns have driven more than 150 whales and dolphins to become stranded on Australian and New Zealand beaches since the weekend, scientists say.
Judge strikes down several FEC rules interpreting campaign finance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A judge has struck down several government rules on campaign fund raising, ordering tougher restrictions on big political money in the long term while creating uncertainty about how candidates, parties and interest groups should proceed in the current
Expedition 9 Lands Safely Summary - (Oct 24, 2004) The ninth crew to man the International Space Station safely returned to Earth on Saturday. Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA Science Officer Mike Fincke landed in the steppes of
IPods an eye-opener for industry Apple Computer #39;s iTunes Music Store sold its 150 millionth song on Thursday, another key milestone in the Cupertino firm #39;s push to stay ahead of digital music rivals like Microsoft and Dell.
Sony Launches MP3 Walkmans to Counter IPod  LONDON (Reuters) - Sony Corp &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; launched its first  MP3-compatible flash memory digital music players under the  Walkman name on Monday in the latest bid to reclaim the lead in  a market it has lost to Apple Computer's iPod.
ATI Technologies boosts outlook MARKHAM, Ont. (CP) - Graphics chip maker ATI Technologies Inc. is boosting its outlook after fourth-quarter profit almost tripled to \$61.
More protection urged for rare toothfish toothfish, dubbed the  quot;white gold quot; of the sea, which is being driven to extinction by rampant poaching. other threatened species, quot; the US-based National Environment Trust (NET) said in a report on Thursday.
A New Dance Partner Miami - Shaquille O #39;Neal looked up from his chair and locked eyes with Dwyane Wade as Wade interrupted O #39;Neal #39;s audience with the assembled news media.
Aviva to shift 950 jobs to India, Sri Lanka London, September 22: Britain #39;s leading insurance company Aviva on Wednesday announced plans to shift another 760 jobs to India, in addition to the 3,700 jobs already created in the country.
Israel blamed for Damascus attack Palestinian source in Beirut says was a failed attempt to kill a member of the militant Hamas group. utility vehicle owned by the unidentified Palestinian, who escaped unhurt.
Serena Williams unleashes leather-clad gladiators on court! LONDON: Soon the formal white skirts and tops which are a trademark for tennis, will give way to hep leather jackets, pleated gladiator-style minis and sexy knee-high boots, thanks to a new fashion range launched by tennis star Serena Williams.
JPMorgan Chase To Shuffle Management; Financial Chief To Leave NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co.  #39;s (JPM) chief financial officer, Dina Dublon, will resign at the end of the year and be replaced by Michael Cavanagh , currently head of middle market banking.
""Monster"" Waves Suprisingly Common, Satellites Show Rogue waves #151;eight or more stories or higher #151;are freaks of the ocean once thought to be tall tales told by sailors. But now scientists have satellite evidence that the massive upwellings are not only real but also fairly common.
Footage of Bradley confrontation erased Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, going 2 for 3 with a home run, double and walk in an 8-3 loss to St.
Thailand Says Nine Farms Contaminated By Genetically Modified &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nine farms in Thailand have been found to be contaminated by genetically modified crops. The announcement comes after a scandal shut down a big part of the country #39;s program to test genetically modified crops.
UPDATE 1-Australia #39;s Miller dies aged 84 Former Australia all rounder Keith Miller has died aged 84, a family spokesman said on Monday. Miller, one of the leading players in Don Bradman #39;s 1948 Ashes-winning
Bell set for Test debut Ian Bell is almost certain to make his England Test debut on Thursday in the final match against West Indies.
Mortgage Rates Hit 6-Month Low Freddie Mac said Thursday that 30-year mortgages have dropped to the lowest level since April 1, providing more of a boost to the housing industry.
Symonds anticipates potential classic race in Japan The extreme weather conditions have forced all the F1 teams to adapt this weekend. Pat Symonds thinks the result could well be an extremely exciting race
Kansas City Royals Team Report - September 8 (Sports Network) - Two of the worst teams in the American League square off this evening when the Kansas City Royals and Detroit Tigers continue their four-game set at Comerica Park.
Yukos handed \$4.2-bn tax bill MOSCOW: Tax authorities in Russia have handed Yukos, Russia #39;s largest oil producer, a \$4.2-billion tax bill for 2001, higher than the \$3.
European Central Bank Leaves Rates Alone The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.
Kastor carries new celebrity status into NYC Marathon Deena Kastor, as humble an athlete as they come, has been struggling with her newfound fame. For the last two months, Kastor has made the daily trek to her post office in tiny
Japanese Leader Reshuffles Cabinet (AP) AP - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi replaced key ministers and ruling party leaders in a shuffle Monday aimed at solidifying his power and building momentum for his troubled reforms program.
Ford Raises Profit Forecast, Makes Cuts at Jaguar (Update3) Ford Motor Co. raised its forecast for third-quarter earnings by 10 cents a share and said it would end unprofitable Jaguar car production at a Coventry, England, plant and pull out of Formula One racing.
Chile Groups Say Tainted Salmon Could Be Sold (Reuters) Reuters - A cargo of farmed Chilean\salmon tainted with a potentially harmful toxin and rejected\for import in Europe has returned to Chile and could be\re-exported to a country with less stringent laws, consumer and\environmental groups warned.
Auburn is still perfect -- barely TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Auburn's stars rescued the Tigers' national championship hopes with a stellar second half.
Poles are party-poopers POLAND produced a stunning comeback to deny departing Wales manager Mark Hughes a happy send-off at the Millennium Stadium today. The home side dominated the first-half and Robbie Savage finally unlocked the
DaimlerChrysler appoints board member to head China operations (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - STUTTGART, Germany (AP) - DaimlerChrysler AG has named management board member Ruediger Grube to lead the German-U.S automaker's China operations, reflecting the increasing importance of the Chinese market, the company said.
Setback for Microsoft as Beijing scraps deal Beijing #39;s city government has cancelled a controversial purchase of Rmb29m (\$3.5m, 2.6m, 1.8m) of software from Microsoft after local rivals complained about the way the deal was handled.
Novell creates new management posts Novell, a new entrant into the Linux market, has promoted two executives in a management change that consolidates four business units into two.
Sources: Sony Eyes File-Sharing Venture LOS ANGELES Oct 29, 2004 - Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.
Biffo and the Battler slug it out Down Under Australian markets are relaxed despite the bitter political campaign ahead of a general election. Duncan Hughes reports from Melbourne.
Johnson bound for Yankees: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Arizona Diamondbacks, who made a big splash before and during baseball #39;s winter meetings, soon could be facing life without the Big Unit.
Hitachi upgrades storage line Hitachi Data Systems has announced a new enterprise storage lineup to include features such as a virtualisation which allows customers to manage up to 32Petabytes of internal and external storage.
Sweden to save 'sinking' town Sweden is to move the northern town of Kiruna to prevent it sinking into a hole left by iron ore mines.
#39;Psst...want the tools to be a cybercriminal? #39; Some websites are now offering surfers the chance to download free  quot;phishing kits quot; containing all the graphics, web code and text required to construct the kind of bogus sites used in internet phishing scams.
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 CATHOLIC -- St. John's Prep at BC High, 7; Xaverian at Catholic Memorial, 7.
Weather Data for the Masses The U.S. government's weather data is now available in a more friendly XML format, so everyone can make use of it. By Daniel Terdiman.
Update 1: Casino Reaches Tentative Deal With Workers A union representing 10,000 striking casino-hotel workers tentatively agreed to a new contract late Monday, ending a bitter month-old walkout that disrupted casino operations, made gamblers sleep in unmade beds and put rank-and-file workers onto noisy
Alvin Harrison accepts four-year suspension He looked me straight in the eye last July at the Olympic Trials for track and field and said,  #39; #39;I #39;m innocent. #39; #39;.
Sun Microsystems Sets Sights on Low-End Market By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- After years of battling Microsoft Corp...
Israel Holding 25 U.N. Workers At least 25 Palestinian U.N. workers have been detained by Israel for as long as two years under charges Israel refuses to reveal, U.N. officials said Wednesday.
Closing Arguments Made in Georgia #39;s  #39;Evolution Disclaimer #39; Trial In a trial, reminiscent of the 1925 Scopes trial in Tennessee, lawyers give their closing remarks on text book-sticker disclaimers stating that  #39;evolution is a theory, not a fact.
IOC Taking Back Women's Shot Put Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Women's Olympic shot put champion Irina  Korzhanenko of Russia will lose her gold medal after testing  positive for a banned steroid, the head of the Russian Olympic  Committee's anti-doping body said Sunday.
CPM asks govt to delay fuel price hike The CPM has reportedly told the government to delay the decision to hike petrol and diesel prices till after the US elections. However, the Left has already indicated that it is not averse to a hike since there is no real alternative.
2 American soldiers killed in Afghan fire-fight KABUL, Afghanistan - Two US soldiers died Monday in a fire-fight with insurgents in a troubled southeastern Afghan province, the American military said.
Delphi report quarterly loss Delphi Corp. today reported third quarter revenues of \$6.65 billion, and a net loss of \$114 million or a loss of \$0.20 per share. Excluding the impact of previously announced restructuring charges, Delphi
Williams just won #39;t let it go In the end, it wasn #39;t about holding on to the No. 1 ranking or the Preseason NIT title or even the game. For Wake Forest #39;s Eric Williams, it was just about holding on to the ball.
Israel, Russia to fight terror jointly Jerusalem, Sep 6 (PTI) Israel and Russia today signed an agreement to fight terrorism and agreed to explore every possible means to step up intelligence gathering to root out the  quot;global scourge.
Greenspan Says U.S Can Weather Record Oil  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Record oil prices have taken a  ""noticeable"" toll on the U.S. economy but are not likely to  inflict the same level of pain as in the 1970s, Federal Reserve  Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday.
Networkers' Crowding Achievement By 6:45 p.m. Sept. 8, local tech executives were packed so tightly into the lobby of the Tower Club that late arrivals had to step sideways off the elevators to squeeze into the room. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Mountain-sized rock passes Earth The giant Toutatis asteroid passes by the Earth on Wednesday at distance of less than 1.6 million km.
U.S. Strikes Fallujah With Air Raids U.S. jets struck Fallujah with five air raids in 12 hours, softening up the insurgent stronghold for an expected major assault, as Iraq's prime minister warned that the ""window is closing"" for a peaceful settlement to avert a mass assault on the insurgent-held city of Fallujah.
Macau card up Packer sleeve KERRY Packer has taken a first step to forging a global gambling empire by teaming up with Hong Kong tycoon Stanley Ho to enter the lucrative casino land of Macau.
Harmony set for Gold Fields bid - FT South African gold producer Harmony, with backing from Russian metals giant Norilsk Nickel, is poised to make a surprise takeover bid today for Gold Fields, the world #39;s fourth biggest producer, the Financial Times has reported.
US Airways, 2 GE Units Propose New Financing US Airways said yesterday that it agreed with units of General Electric Co. to defer lease payments on some aircraft and to cut the cost of engine maintenance as part of its restructuring under bankruptcy protection.
Dollar Firm Ahead of Greenspan, Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held near a one-week high  against the euro on Tuesday on optimism about the U.S. economy  as the market awaited comments from Federal Reserve Chairman  Alan Greenspan.
Last chance saloon for Diouf El Hadji Diouf has always enjoyed courting controversy. Be it spitting, diving or being a general nuisance to all and sundry the Senegal international has a penchant for getting involved in the more unsavoury side of the game.
New Microsoft search engine opens war for Internet dominance WASHINGTON (US): Microsoft #39;s new search engine launched Thursday opens a new front for the world #39;s biggest software company in a new war -- for control of the Internet, analysts said.
Now Cellphones Can Get Nasty Virus, Too If you #39;re a Nokia smart phone user, better pay attention...come to think of it, better pay attention even if you aren #39;t. The first malicious virus to attack cell phones seems to target Nokia smart phones.
CL Preview: Panathinaikos-Arsenal Arsenal, so far unstoppable in the English Premiership after a sequence of 49 unbeaten games, travel to Greece in a further attempt to reproduce their domestic flair in Europe and convince the sceptics that they are credible challengers for the Champions
US hostage wife pleads for mercy BBC, London, September 19: The wife of an American taken hostage with two others in Baghdad has appealed on television for their release.
Green Groups Praise Russian Decision to Ratify Kyoto Major international environmental groups have hailed the decision by the government of Russian President Vladimir Putin to endorse ratification of the 1997 Kyoto Protocol as a historic breakthrough in curbing global warming.
Bush, Kerry Open Final Debate in Arizona TEMPE, Ariz. - President Bush and challenger John Kerry opened their third and final debate on Wednesday as each candidate hoped to stamp a last favorable impression on millions of voters before Elecion day...
Tszyu #39;s big fight aim International Boxing Federation super lightweight champion Kostya Tszyu says he only wants  #39;big fights #39; in the future. Speaking after he had claimed a third-round TKO of American Sharmba Mitchell in Phoenix
Hackers Exploit Microsoft's JPEG Flaw (AP) AP - In a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in Microsoft Corp. programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
3Com Posts Wider-Than-Expected Loss  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3Com Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COMS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;COMS.O&lt;/A&gt; on     Thursday posted  a wider-than-expected second-quarter loss, amid stiff  competition from Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; and others in the  telecommunications networking market.
Nebraska Tries to Forget 70-10 Flogging (AP) AP - One day after the most lopsided loss in the 115 years of Nebraska football, the coaching staff told the Cornhuskers to forget about it.
3Q e-commerce sales rise 4.7 Retail sales over the Internet rose 4.7 percent in the third quarter and gained 21.5 percent compared with the same period last year as consumers continued to turn to e-commerce for shopping, a government report showed Friday.
Europe seeks deadline for Iran to allay nuclear fears BRUSSELS : Key European governments turned up the pressure on Iran over its nuclear plans, giving Tehran a November deadline to allay concern it is secretly making atomic weapons.
Carphone Warehouse rings up higher sales Europe #39;s biggest mobile phone retailer, Carphone Warehouse, said in a trading update on Wednesday that sales were up on the back of a 25 per cent leap in new connections.
Wolves appoint Hoddle Former England boss Glenn Hoddle has been appointed manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers, the club says. Hoddle, who has been out of management since being sacked by Tottenham Hotspur in September
Jobless Claims Up, Import Prices Gain  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. jobless claims unexpectedly  rose again last week in more worrying news for the labor  market, government data showed on Thursday, while other data  offered some positive signals for America's economy.
IMF head sees no consensus on demand by poor countries for a greater voice (AFP) AFP - Developing countries are agitating for greater decision-making power in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, but the head of the IMF acknowledged that political consensus on the question was lacking.
Sheffield unknowingly used steroid Gary Sheffield admitted to unknowingly using an illegal steroid during the 2002 season, becoming the first Major Leaguer involved in the BALCO investigation to do so.
New Afghan Army a Match for Taliban, U.S. Says (Reuters) Reuters - The new Afghan army is winning the\support of the population and is capable of tackling a\lingering insurgency by remnants of the ousted Taliban regime,\the U.S. general in charge of its training said Monday.
EU, Mercosur Fail to Reach Trade Deal The European Union and the four-nation South American Mercosur customs bloc failed to reach a deal to create the world #39;s biggest free-trade area, negotiators said late on Wednesday.
Serena marches on, Molik out Serena Williams marched into the third round of the US Open today, beating fellow American Lindsay Lee-Waters 6-4 6-3. The third seed, who again walked on to court wearing long black boots and a jewel-encrusted
Fish and Wildlife Service delays panther protection plan The US Fish and Wildlife Service has delayed the adoption of a plan designed to protect Florida panthers from encroaching development.
Microsoft to hire more staff at Indian facility Microsoft will hire hundreds of new staff for its operations in Hyderabad, south India over the next 12 months. The company #39;s chief executive officer, Steve Ballmer said the hiring of more staff for its software
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Slip (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices slipped on\Friday after a key consumer sentiment report was not as weak as\some dealers had suspected, triggering some profit-taking after\Thursday's brisk rally.
Els Sweats Out American Express Victory THOMASTOWN, Ireland - The majors over, Ernie Els got a consolation prize Sunday by capturing his first World Golf Championship. Els outlasted Thomas Bjorn in a brilliantly played duel at Mount Juliet, making a 6-foot birdie on the 17th hole for a cushion he desperately needed and closing with a 3-under 69 to win the American Express Championship by one shot...
Briefs: Hilton Group to sell UK hotels Hilton Group, the operator of Hilton hotels outside the United States, is selling about a dozen of its British hotels as it focuses on the country #39;s main cities.
GOLF ROUNDUP: Sorenstam, Woods, Couples go for skins Fred Couples returns as defending champion and the most successful player in Skins Game history. Tiger Woods comes in as the most popular player in golf, and Adam Scott is the third man in the field because he won The Players Championship in March.
Jury reaches verdict in Enron-Merrill trial A Houston jury has reached a verdict Wednesday in the conspiracy and fraud trial of six defendants connected to a sham deal to illicitly boost Enron Corp.
Tom Swift's New Camera, Ready for Space and Spies Clifford Ross has invented a camera capable of producing negatives containing 100 times as much data as the average professional digital camera.
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp  is likely to win\clearance from the European Commission for its hostile takeover\of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc. , a source close\to the situation said on Friday.
Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac Service Pack 1 Theres time for fun and time to focus. When youre ready to get down to business, Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac provides the intuitive, intelligent tools you need to transform your ideas and opportunities into action.
Al-Baradai in S Korea The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has said he is aware nuclear experiments South Korea has conducted were small, but noted his agency needs to make sure they will not be repeated.
Aussies spy for Jakarta: ex-agent Australian spies are revealing secrets to Indonesia, according to one former spy, amid revelations that Indonesian agents bugged politicians, the military and Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta.
Veritas Reveals OpForce Upgrades Amidst claims that IT shops can now provision BEA WebLogic Servers in mere minutes instead of hours, Veritas today debuted version 4.0 of Opforce Enterprise Edition for Windows, Linux (Red Hat  amp; SUSE), Solaris and AIX.
Owen says he can still score for England despite rocky Madrid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Michael Owen hasn #39;t scored yet for Real Madrid, but he #39;s sure he can still contribute for England. Owen, who picked up a lower back injury in Real Madrid #39;s 1-0 weekend loss to Deportivo
China Mine Blast Kills at Least 56, 100 Missing (Reuters) Reuters - A gas explosion in a crowded coal mine\in central China has killed 56 people and left 100 missing, the\Xinhua news agency said Thursday.
Indian sensitivities in mind: Rumsfeld NEW DELHI: Manmohan said India would address all issues with Pakistan, provided General Pervez Musharraf stuck to his commitment to stop terrorism against India.
NIGERIA: NIGERIA: Unions call off strike after 11th-hour govt &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LAGOS, 15 November (IRIN) - Nigeria #39;s powerful trade unions on Monday called off a general strike planned for the next day after the government, in an eleventh-hour move, offered an almost 10-percent cut in the price of domestic fuels.
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks End Higher, US Dollar Lower Tokyo stocks edged higher Wednesday in cautious trading amid continued aftershocks from an earthquake that rocked northern Japan and news of a Japanese citizen kidnapped in Iraq.
Florida Keys Mostly Deserted Ahead of Ivan KEY WEST, Fla. - A slight westward ""wobble"" by Hurricane Ivan gave storm-weary Florida a tiny glimmer of hope Saturday, but the still-threatened Keys stood mostly boarded up, deserted by evacuating residents and tourists well on their way to safety...
BABC stops Magic act Led by a backcourt rotation that has left fans and college scouts alike salivating, the Boston Amateur Basketball Club dismantled the Bay State Magic, 72-58, in the final of the annual Veterans Day Classic held at Chelsea High School yesterday. Newton North's Anthony Gurley poured in 22 for BABC while Iowa State-bound Farnold DeGand, who will suit up for O'Bryant ...
America West: Will Not Bid for ATA America West Holdings Corp. (AWA) on Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
Giddens earns US silver in kayaking Rebecca Giddens made a final charge that nearly landed her a gold medal, but in the end the American settled for silver in yesterday's kayaking single slalom.
AL notables Vladimir Guerrero has 121 RBIs and 120 runs to join Don Baylor as the only Angels player to reach those totals in each category in the same season. Baylor achieved the feat in 1979.
Police Surprised So Many Survive British Rail Crash British police voiced astonishment on Sunday that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a 300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing, killing six people.
UPDATE 1-Aon sells much of Endurance holding for \$320.5 mln Insurance broker Aon Corp. (AOC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it sold nearly all of its equity investment in property and casualty insurer Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd.
At least 556 killed by Jeanne in Haiti Tropical Storm Jeanne claimed at least 556 lives in Haiti over the weekend.(Xinhua/Reuters Photo). HAVANA, Sept. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- Tropical Storm Jeanne claimed at least 556 lives in Haiti after it rampaged
BNP LEADER BAILED ON RACE HATE RAP BNP leader Nick Griffin was bailed last night by police questioning him over race-hate offences. Griffin, 45, had been arrested at his home in Wales in the wake of a BBC documentary showing him condemning Islam as  #39;a vicious, wicked faith #39;.
QuickBooks 2005 makes Mac-PC transfer easier, more (MacCentral) MacCentral - Later this week Intuit Inc. will officially announce QuickBooks: Pro 2005 for Mac, the latest release of its small business accounting software -- although the company has already posted details of the new release to its Web site. Major changes in this new release include integrated iCal support, the ability to back up data files to .Mac, easier file sharing with the Windows version of QuickBooks and the ability to add PDF backgrounds to forms.
PM gives dire warning on climate The prime minister issues a dire warning on climate change as he sets out policies to tackle it.
EMC Takes On NetApp EMC is taking direct aim at Network Appliance this week with a new line of midrange NAS appliances. And NetApp is firing back, charging that EMC #39;s Centera content-addressable storage arrays are not secure
Dodge Durango SUVs and Dakota pickups recalled Daimler Chrysler tells CTV News that about 60,000 Canadian vehicles will be included in a massive North American recall that involves more than 600,000 Dodge Durango SUV #39;s and Dakota pickup trucks.
Terror Hearings Panelists Dismissal Urged (AP) AP - The presiding officer in charge of U.S. military commissions in Guantanamo Bay has recommended that two panel members be dismissed from hearing cases of suspected terrorists because they could be considered biased.
Dubai Ports International Buys CSX #39;s Ports Dubai Ports International is buying the foreign port operations of US railroad company CSX Corp. for \$1.15 billion in cash, the companies announced Thursday.
Huskies keep Tide at bay ANCHORAGE, Alaska - Kennedy Winston, like his University of Alabama basketball teammates, sunk back in his chair on the bench and watched as the University of Washington accepted the trophy for the Great Alaska Shootout.
Anti-spam plan overwhelms sites A screensaver targeting spam-related websites appears to have been too successful.
Green's Three Touchdowns Lifts Packers Over Panthers (Reuters) Reuters - Ahman Green scored three touchdowns\and rushed for 119 yards as the Green Bay Packers opened their\season with a convincing 24-14 win over the Carolina Panthers\in Charlotte on Monday.
Souness Relieved As Magpies Soar Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness was relieved that none of his players got injured during the Magpies 5-1 Uefa Cup demolition of Israeli side Hapoel Bnei Sachnin.
Olympics: Greek Sprinters Finally Get Chance to Put Case ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece #39;s top two sprinters should finally get to put their case on Wednesday in a drugs investigation that has shamed and angered the Olympic host nation.
Greek Athlete Tests Positive for Drugs  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow on  Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the  Olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out  of the Games in a doping scandal.
Feathered embryo found in China A 121 million-year-old baby bird,  fossilized while still curled in its egg, has been found in China.
Deakes to assess his technique Nathan Deakes #39;s coach says the Olympian #39;s technique will be reassessed following his disqualification from the 50-kilometre walk in Athens.
Minnesota Vikings Sign Derek Ross (AP) AP - Cornerback Derek Ross, who tied for the NFL rookie lead in interceptions two years ago, was signed on Tuesday by the Minnesota Vikings.
This week in Dell news A trip by CNET News.com editors and reporters to Dell's headquarters in Texas yields a bonanza of information about the PC maker's plans and operations.
Film Association To File Lawsuits Against Online Movie Swappers LOS ANGELES -- The Motion Picture Association of America announced Thursday it will work with its members and other film studios to file lawsuits against people who have illegally traded digital copies of movies over the Internet.
White helps Oklahoma get off to a fresh start NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White was 21 of 31 for 238 yards and three touchdowns and No. 2 Oklahoma ended its first two-game losing streak since 1999 with a 40-24 victory over Bowling Green in its opener yesterday.Kejuan Jones rushed for a career-high 148 yards to lead Oklahoma. Adrian Peterson, the Sooners' top-rated high school recruit, flashed brilliance with a ...
President Hu expounds proposal for ties with L. America Visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao on Friday proposed political, economic and cultural measures to boost ties between China and Latin America.
Scientists say much of Genesis #39; material survived Utah crash (National-NBC) Oct. 1, 2004 - Scientists in Utah are finishing the job of salvaging material from the remains of the Genesis Space Capsule.
Bank of America files for compensation in Parmalat case MILAN, Italy - Bank of America Corp. said Friday it had filed for damages against former officials and auditors of collapsed dairy giant Parmalat at a preliminary hearing in Milan, as the bank attempts to avoid blame in the massive fraud scandal.
Giants succumb to Astros #39; 5-run 9th Bee Staff Writer. SAN FRANCISCO - One mighty swing by the Houston Astros #39; Lance Berkman made a significant impact before 41,537 hushed spectators and a stunned band of Giants.
Ukraine's Isolated PM Repeats Offer to Opposition  KIEV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich, looking  increasingly isolated in Ukraine's deepening political crisis,  offered again on Tuesday to make his opposition rival premier  if allowed to take up the presidency.
Loss-making FEER goes monthly HONG KONG - Dow Jones  amp; Company, which publishes vital business and financial news and information, announced that the Far Eastern Economic Review will change its format from a news weekly to a monthly magazine of issues and ideas, largely written by
Chelsea Football Club star named in drugs scandal Chelsea Football Club striker Adrian Mutu has been named as the player who has reportedly failed a drugs test. The Mail on Sunday claimed a top Premiership star had failed a random drugs test, and widespread
RFID tags on medication introduced in US US regulators the Food and Drug Administration have released guidance for the attachment of RFID tags to drug packaging in order to  quot;insure that the drugs available in the United States are among the safest in the world.
England players hit out ENGLAND #39;S players hit out at cricket #39;s authorities last night. They claimed they had been used as  quot;political pawns quot; after the Zimbabwe government produced a spectacular U-turn to ensure the controversial one-day series will go ahead.
Haas on Road to Recovery with Surprise Victory at the Open Tommy Haas, once ranked second in the world, surprised the 12th seed, Sebastien Grosjean of France, 6-4, 6-4, 1-6, 6-1, in the second round.
New Coca Plants Said to Lurk in Colombia (AP) AP - Authorities suspect a new threat is lurking in the mountains and jungles of Colombia: Not a new rebel cadre, but altered coca plants that are bigger, faster-growing and produce more of the compound that gives cocaine its kick.
Toronto Blue Jays Team Report - August 28 (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays look to rebound from a tough loss as they host the New York Yankees for the third of a four-game set at SkyDome.
MLB stars facing tough drugs tests PHOENIX, Arizona -- Baseball #39;s stars could face more tests for drugs such as steroids next season after giving their lawyers the green light to reach an agreement with owners over a tougher anti-doping regime.
US Dollar ends transactions in Cuba US Dollar ended transactions in Cuba on Monday under an order by the authorities. From Monday dollar transactions in stores, hotels, restaurants and other business, which have
Future Flyers: Pushing Forward for Personal Aircraft (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Ask science fiction fans about the future and no doubt they'll tell you it's full of flying cars.
Lindows postpones public offering CEO Michael Robertson says the Linux company ""won't be forced into a cut-rate IPO.""
Titans CB Rolle Gets Antacid Gag (AP) AP - Tennessee cornerback Samari Rolle doesn't think the joke was very funny. Someone, he suspects a coach he won't identify, placed a bottle of Pepto-Bismol in his locker along with a photo of Cincinnati receiver Chad Johnson featuring the words: ""There ain't a corner in the league that can hold me.""
NFL Wrap: Steelers End Bills' Playoff Hopes  ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (Sports Network) - Jeff Reed kicked five  field goals and James Harrison returned a fumble for a  touchdown, as the Pittsburgh Steelers completed the best season  in franchise history and knocked the Buffalo Bills out of  playoff contention with a 29-24 victory at Ralph Wilson  Stadium.
Williams to face Klitschko for title The man who derailed Mike Tyson #39;s comeback will get a shot at the heavyweight title. British fighter Danny Williams, who stopped Tyson in the fourth round on July 30 in Louisville, will fight WBC champion Vitali Klitschko of Ukraine on Dec.
Movie studios sue US, European file-sharing  #39;parasites #39; LOS ANGELES - Movie studios have expanded their fight against illegal downloading, suing more than 100 US and European-based computer services that transmit movie files across Internet file-sharing networks.
WRAPUP 4-US September job growth weaker than expected US employers hired just 96,000 workers in September, the government said on Friday in a weak jobs snapshot, the final one ahead of presidential elections that
Krispy Kreme Says S.E.C. Steps Up Its Probe Krispy Kreme Doughnuts today said it has been informed by the S.E.C. that the agency's investigation of the company has become a formal probe.
Lastminute.com Loss Doubles on Costs; Shares Slump (Update4) Lastminute.com Plc, the UK #39;s largest Internet travel company, said its fourth-quarter loss more than doubled as costs for closing offices and cutting jobs exceeded forecasts.
Sony Describes HD Product Plans Wega TVs, Vaio systems, DVD recorders and camcorder highlight HD product lineup.
No. 3 Auburn Tops Tennessee for SEC Title  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell threw for a  career-high 374 yards along with three touchdowns as  third-ranked Auburn stated its case for a spot in the Orange  Bowl with a 38-28 victory over No. 15 Tennessee in the  Southeastern Conference Championship at the Georgia Dome.
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend SAN FRANCISCO - Toshiba Corp.'s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that U.S. consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel Corp.'s newer mobile processors.
Yukos, of Russia, files for bankruptcy in US MOSCOW The Russian oil producer Yukos sought bankruptcy protection in the United States on Wednesday and requested an emergency court hearing to stop the Russian government #39;s auction of its largest production unit.
Putin: No Objection to Ukraine in EU President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Russia has no objection to Ukraine joining the European Union. If Ukraine wants to enter the EU and is welcomed there, then we can only be pleased, #39; #39; Putin
Coup Plot: Thatcher #39;s Son Charged Mark Thatcher, the son of the former United Kingdom prime minister, was arraigned in court yesterday following his arrest over an alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
Symantec in \$13bn Veritas merger Global security software maker Symantec is to take over Veritas Software in a merger deal valued at \$13.5bn (7bn). The all-share deal will see Symantec swap 1.1242 shares of common stock for each Veritas share.
#39;Business as usual #39; for US Airways Fears of labor-related disruptions at US Airways failed to materialize at Pittsburgh or anywhere else in the airline #39;s travel system Wednesday as the nation #39;s busiest travel season began.
Altria Prepares Possible Split, Shares Up Altria Group Inc. (MO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has begun preparing itself for a possible break-up, once tobacco lawsuit hurdles are cleared, to realize fair value for
Noranda opens takeover field to other suitors VANCOUVER, British &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Noranda Inc. said on Tuesday it is reopening the field to other bidders, or may go it alone, after failing to seal a multibillion-dollar takeover by China Minmetals during seven weeks of exclusive talks.
Boxing: Hopkins fighting for place among greats If Bernard Hopkins beats Oscar De La Hoya in what should be the richest non-heavyweight fight in history early on Sunday, he will cement his place among the great middleweights of all time.
Fiat dismisses GM threat that car unit might go bust Fiat threw down the gauntlet to General Motors on Monday when the Italian industrial group dismissed the political and legal efforts by the American carmaker to avoid buying Fiat Auto, its heavily lossmaking car division.
U.S. Job Gains Strongest in Seven Months  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. jobs soared at the sharpest  rate in seven months in October, the government reported on  Friday, helped by a surge in construction activity as  hurricane-battered areas in the Southeast were rebuilt.
Kenya #39;s anti-graft drive dismal - survey Nairobi - Kenya #39;s government had missed its best chance to stamp out rampant corruption and faced a tough task to regain credibility, Transparency International said yesterday on International Anti-corruption Day.
Cendant buys Ortiz for \$1.25B Cendant Corp., the world #39;s largest hotel franchiser and owner of the Avis car-rental company, said Wednesday it agreed to purchase Orbitz, a popular Internet travel agency, for \$1.
Sensitive talks begin to free UN hostages KABULFace-to-face talks began on Saturday between Afghan militants holding Angelito Nayan and two other UN workers hostage and representatives of the Afghan government and the United Nations, a member of the militant group told Reuters.
FDA to Review Eyetech, Pfizer Eye Drug  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. advisory panel on Friday will  review data on an experimental drug that is injected into the  eye to stop vision loss in elderly patients at risk of going  blind.
Netflix Sees Green Netflix spins the color wheel for a spell and it's a much brighter color than red.
Loral files reorganization plan with court CHICAGO, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Loral Space  amp; Communications Ltd. (LRLSQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , a bankrupt satellite operator, on Thursday said it filed its reorganization plan and it expects to emerge from bankruptcy before year #39;s end.
Bush and Kerry Follow Debate With Sharp Jabs President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq on Friday, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate.
Garcia leads Volvo Masters by one after Valderrama victimizes &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VALDERRAMA, Spain (PA) -- Add Darren Clarke #39;s name to the list of victims claimed by one of golf #39;s most controversial holes.
Flu vaccine licence suspended \The UK government has suspended the manufacturing licence of major flu vaccine maker Chiron.
Bangladeshi Women Play Soccer Tournament (AP) AP - A women's soccer tournament resumed Saturday despite protests from Islamic groups to stop the ""indecent"" event.
Titan #39;s surface like an icy eggshell, images show The surface of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, looks like a cracked eggshell, a windblown landscape dotted with propane lakes, according to images that NASA released Thursday.
United says it will ask workers for more cost cuts CHICAGO _ Calling its financial condition  quot;sobering, quot; United Airlines said Friday that it will seek substantially more cost cuts than previously announced to help the carrier emerge from bankruptcy.
Novell OKs \$536 Mln Microsoft Settlement Novell Inc. (NOVL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it had reached a settlement with software maker Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.
Detained man links Azahari to blast JAKARTA: Indonesian police have detained a man who was with notorious JI operative Azahari bin Husin in the minutes before the Jakarta embassy blast, national police chief Dai Bachtiar said yesterday, directly linking Azahari to the bombing for the first
Agassi Reaches Semifinals at Stockholm STOCKHOLM, Sweden Oct 29, 2004 - Top-seeded Andre Agassi beat Spain #39;s Fernando Verdasco 7-6 (4), 6-2 Friday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals for the first time.
Wall Street stocks shed on downbeat Coca-Cola outlook &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wall Street stocks fell Wednesday as a gloomy outlook from Coca-Cola Co. and a weaker reading on industrial production for August pressured on the market.
20 injured in fight at Malaysian detention camp for terror suspects (AFP) AFP - Twelve inmates and eight warders have been injured in a fight at a Malaysian detention camp for terror suspects during a search which turned up a cache of home-made weapons.
Colgate Profit Falls on Higher Costs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said profit fell in the third quarter because of  increased marketing spending and higher costs for raw  materials.
Business Investment Too Narrow At the risk of repeating ourselves, it is worth bearing in mind that this recovery has been different from other recoveries. While much of the attention paid to the economy has focused on the sluggish jobs
Half-Life 2 #39;s Real Battle If the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it #39;s also beginning to accumulate Hollywood-like headaches.
Sportsview: Bills Get Playoff Hunger (AP) AP - Pat Williams is a big man with a big heart and appetite. So imagine his dilemma when the Buffalo Bills were back to their bumbling selves at the start of this season.
Canada Romps Ryan Smyth scored two goals to lead Canada to a 5-1 victory over Slovakia on Wednesday night in the World Cup of Hockey.
C.I.A. Churning Continues as 2 Top Officials Resign The head of the C.I.A.'s clandestine service and his deputy resigned their posts after clashes with advisers to Porter J. Goss.
Browns 34, Bengals 17 A record play helped the Cleveland Browns get their record to .500. Oh, and playing the Cincinnati Bengals didn #39;t hurt, either.
Sports: Gannon out at least six weeks ALAMEDA, Calif. Oakland Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon has a broken vertebrae in his neck and he #39;ll be on the sidelines at least six weeks.
First black judge joining British High Court Britain appointed its first black High Court judge yesterday and she predicted she would be ''the first of many. quot; The Department for Constitutional Affairs confirmed the appointment of Linda Dobbs, 53, the first black lawyer promoted beyond the ranks of circuit judges, who hear lesser cases. Joining the High Court will give her access to some of the country's most ...
Labor Memo Suggests Bush to Win Election (AP) AP - Labor Department staff, analyzing statistics from private economists, report in an internal memo that President Bush is likely to do ""much better"" in Tuesday's election than the polls are predicting.
RealNetworks to Offer Deeply Discounted Music Deals SEATTLE (AP) -- RealNetworks Inc. (RNWK) will begin offering some university students its digital music subscription service at a steep discount in an effort to stem illegal downloads and attract long-term customers...
Telecoms Winning the WiFi War (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The signal is clear: In the tug of war betweeen Big Telecom and little governments, the powerful telecommunications lobby is winning, which could have major implications for how wireless Internet and other high-speed Internet service is doled out countrywide.
#39;Googleizing #39; libraries won #39;t replace books This week Google Inc. down in Mountain View, wading in dough from its stock offering, announced it would use some of the money to put millions of volumes from the country #39;s great libraries online where anybody can use them.
Toronto-Dominion seeks Banknorth stake Toronto-Dominion Bank is in the final stages of negotiations to take a controlling interest in New England regional bank Banknorth Group Inc. in a transaction worth as much as \$3.5 billion, according to executives involved in the talks.
Verizon adds shopping tools to SuperPages.com Verizon SuperPages.com said Friday it has teamed up with eBay and Shopping.com for the rollout of new shopping tools on its online Yellow Pages site.
Update: Four Infineon executives jailed for DRAM price-fixing Four executives at German memory vendor Infineon Technologies and its U.S. subsidiary have pled guilty to charges of illegally setting prices for PC memory chips, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) announced Thursday.
IBM, Unisys work to rejuvenate mainframes Big Blue adds features, beefs up training efforts in China; rival Unisys debuts new line and pricing plan.
John Snow concedes  #39;deficits matter #39; US Treasury Secretary John Snow conceded Wednesday that government  quot;deficits matter, quot; but said an improving economy already is beginning to reduce red ink in the federal budget.
Movie Gallery Offers to Buy Hollywood Video Chain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Movie Gallery Inc. on Friday offered  to buy rival movie rental chain Hollywood Entertainment Corp.  for an undisclosed sum, one week after industry leader  Blockbuster Inc. bid about \$700 million for Hollywood.
US tobacco firms set for trial America #39;s largest tobacco companies go on trial on Tuesday as they face a \$280bn (156bn) government lawsuit. Opening arguments will be heard in the case, in which the Justice Department accuses the companies
PMs to publish devolution plan The British and Irish prime ministers are due in Northern Ireland as hopes fade of a deal to restore devolution.
Tech Firms Partner on Instant Messaging Threat Center (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IMlogic, a Waltham, Massachusetts-based firm, has partnered with McAfee, Sybari and AOL to establish an instant message and P2P threat center that will detect the spread of viruses, worms and other malware aimed at these online channels.
Bangladesh Opposition calls new strike Dhaka, Aug 29: Bangladeshs main Opposition party has called for a new general strike tomorrow, to protest last weeks grenade attack on its leader, Ms Sheikh Hasina Wajed, coinciding with a ruling party demonstration which was earlier put back by two
Rodman Thinks Nuggets Could Use Him (AP) AP - The point guard thought he was great. The general manager had no comment. Dennis Rodman himself? He thinks the Denver Nuggets could really use a guy like him.
Jury rules for franchisees in Shell trial A federal jury awarded more than \$3 million to eight Massachusetts gas station operators after finding Shell Oil Co. used unfair tactics that were effectively intended to drive them out of business.
Sasser teen charged Sven Jaschan has been charged with computer sabotage, data manipulation and disruption of public systems. More than 143 Sasser victims have contacted prosecutors to report the damage they suffered in the vague hope of compensation.
Chirac, Blair Strive for Unity After Iraq French President Jacques Chirac agreed to disagree with Prime Minister Tony Blair over Iraq on Thursday but pledged full cooperation, from Africa to the Middle East, when Britain heads the G8 and European Union in 2005.
Crunch time came early, often for McCown TEMPE, Ariz. -- The statistics tell one story on how the Patriots' defense shut down the Cardinals' offense yesterday: It allowed just 167 yards of total offense, only 50 on the ground, during a 23-12 New England win that pushed a streak that threatens the NFL record to 17 games.
Stocks Seen Opening Higher After CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Wednesday,  after dipping briefly, after a government report showed that  consumer prices, excluding food and energy, rose only slightly  more than Wall Street expected.
Sharapova beats Venus Williams for Zurich tennis semis Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova of Russia beat former world number one Venus Williams of the United States 6-3, 6-4 on Friday to reach the semi-finals of the Zurich Challenge WTA tennis tournament.
Priest accused in 1994 Rwanda genocide fails to front for trial A priest accused of ordering the slaughter of 2000 people who sought refuge in his church during Rwanda #39;s genocide refused to appear for the start of his trial at a UN tribunal yesterday.
Defense method Saints acquire CB McKenzie The New Orleans Saints completed their long-anticipated trade for Green Bay cornerback Mike McKenzie on Monday. The Saints swapped third-string quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan and their second
Star-Power Surge for Satellite Radio Shock jock Howard Stern's decision to jump ship from traditional radio gives a boost to the emerging technology of blasting tunes, news and other staples of AM and FM radio via satellite. \ &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Hollywood Wants BitTorrent Dead The lobbying arm of the film studios files lawsuits against the operators of sites and servers that help users of file-sharing networks locate movies and songs. By Xeni Jardin.
Skeleton in Mo. Came From Ancient Mammoth (AP) AP - Everything about the bones that turned up in a Grain Valley back yard last summer suggested to scientists that they came from a 50,000-year-old mastodon. But evidence yielded by additional digging has led the experts to conclude they were off-base. The remains are actually those of a mammoth that lived 500,000 to 1 million years ago, according to the scientists.
Four Cabinet members quit over term battle BEIRUT -- Four Cabinet ministers resigned yesterday to protest the extension of President Emile Lahoud's term, part of a bruising political battle that divided allies and drew the attention of the UN Security Council. The ministers' resignations were not expected to bring down the 30-member government of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. But they prompted Lahoud to convene a meeting with ...
Judge Maintains Peirsol Broke Rules  ATHENS (Reuters) - The swimming judge who disqualified gold  medal winner Aaron Peirsol at the Athens Olympics is standing  by his claim that the American backstroker broke the rules.
UPDATE 1-GM finance unit GMAC files \$3 billion debt shelf General Motors Acceptance Corp., the finance arm of General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , may periodically sell up to \$3 billion in adjustable-rate demand notes, according to a regulatory filing on Friday.
US stocks hit highest levels for months Stocks rallied strongly in the US last night, with both the Dow and the Nasdaq at their highest for months. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed above its end 2003 level for the first time in more than four months.
The Great Write-In Vote Protest That Never Was What if, on election day, you wrote in your presidential vote? I'm not trying to persuade you to vote for one or the other, or even for a third party. It's not a trick, My real name isn't George M. Bush, and I'm not going to go to court and claim you were really voting for me. Just write it in. Make a statement that you vote for whom you choose and that it has nothing to do with whichever they feel like printing on the ballot.
Sharman Networks use Weedshare to establish in Australian Court &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY, Australia (Todd Macalpine/ OZMUSICWEED / www.ozmusicweed.com) - Ozmusicweed, the first Australian Weedshare site (http://www.
Thousands trapped by China floods as death toll hits 143, 50 more missing (AFP) AFP - The death toll from floods and landslides unleashed by ferocious storms lashing southwest China jumped to 143 with at least 50 more missing, state media reported.
Blair says Mid East peace is key to beating terror Tony Blair has redoubled his commitment to finding a resolution to the conflict between Israel and the Palestine. The prime minister told the Commons on Wednesday that bringing peace to the region was the  quot;key quot; to tackling international terrorism.
Cassini unveils mysterious Saturn moon Titan NASA scientists are poring over the latest pictures unveiling Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan. The images show distinct dark and bright surface areas.
Israeli Coalition Deal Expected as Troops Kill at Least 11 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel #39;s ruling Likud bloc and the opposition Labor Party are set to meet Saturday on final details of a national unity government.
Gamers rush to buy new Sony PSP Gamers have bought almost all of the first batch of Sony #39;s new PlayStation Portable (PSP) games console, which went on sale in Japan on Sunday.
New X prize sets sights on science, technology and social &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The X Prize Foundation and the World Technology Network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation
California Schools Warned of Identity Theft LOS ANGELES (AP) -- California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.    Since January, at least 580,000 people who had personal information about them stored in university computers received warnings they might be at risk...
US Supreme Court stops execution of mentally disabled man (AFP) AFP - The US Supreme Court stopped an execution because a Texas jury had not taken into account a convicted murderer's low intelligence, as well his age at the time of the killing.
Atomic register offers route to quantum computing The fundamental memory component of a quantum computer has been built for the first time using a string of atoms. This could offer a more reliable way to build a working quantum computer than other techniques, suggest researchers.
AP: Kerry Fund-Raisers, S. Korean Spy Met (AP) AP - A South Korean embassy official who met with John Kerry fund-raisers to talk about creating a political group for Korean-Americans was in fact a spy for his country, raising concerns among U.S. officials that he or Seoul may have tried to influence the fall presidential election.
Via Tunes Open-Source Media Player Xine media player takes advantage of video accelerators in Via chipsets.
More American Youths Abusing Prescription Drugs By SIOBHAN McDONOUGH    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Fewer American youths are using marijuana, LSD and Ecstasy, but more are abusing prescription drugs, says a government report released Thursday.    The 2003 National Survey on Drug Use and Health also found youths and young adults are more aware of the risks of using pot once a month or more frequently...
Mars Rovers Planners Plot Crater 'Escape' (AP) AP - NASA's Mars rovers don't seem to be wearing out, so mission planners have begun to think more boldly  #151; including a plan to let one climb up a steep slope from a crater it has been exploring to set out across a plain.
Microsoft Updates Media Center OS Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and more mobile devices.
Eagles tough out a win Eagles coach Andy Reid was just 10 seconds into his postgame press conference, and he had already said the word  quot;tough quot; four times.
Texas Officials Wary of Plan to Hunt by Internet (Reuters) Reuters - Hunters soon may be able to sit at\their computers and blast away at animals on a Texas ranch via\the Internet, a prospect that has state wildlife officials up\in arms.
Continental seeking \$500 million in cuts Continental Airlines said Thursday it is seeking \$500 million more in cuts in wages and benefit reductions. The company said the move is necessary - on top of more than \$1.1 billion in
Short-Term Rate Futures Sink on Jobs Data  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Short-term interest rate futures  plunged on Friday after U.S. jobs growth for October was far  above median Wall Street expectations, suggesting the  possibility for more aggressive monetary policy tightening.
LONDON 2012: UP AND RUNNING Coe sticks knife into Madrid Olympics &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; He changed his speech to say a British Olympics would showcase our  quot;ethnic diversity and tolerance quot; - a swipe at Madrid #39;s race-hate soccer shame.
Software pirates arrested The largest seizure of counterfeit Microsoft software and components ever - some \$80 million worth - along with the indictments of 11 people suspected of being involved in the piracy is being credited to a two-year investigation undertaken in a
Early T-Rex Relative Had Feathers -- Study (Reuters) Reuters - The earliest known relative of the\mighty Tyrannosaurus rex had primitive feathers, probably to\help it keep warm.
Pinball: Argos can score off the field OTTAWA (CP) - The Toronto Argonauts have the green light to score off the field this week. Argos head coach Pinball Clemons was asked during the Grey Cup coaches #39; news conference Wednesday if he would allow
Mitsubishi starts ad campaign in US to improve image NEW YORK - Mitsubishi Motors North America Inc launched a television ad campaign on Monday to improve its brand image that has been tarnished by a series of recall-related scandals over the past year.
National Guard Hands Over More Bush Papers (AP) AP - More than a week after a court-imposed deadline to turn over all records of President Bush's military service, the Texas Air National Guard belatedly produced two documents Tuesday that include Bush's orders for his last day of active duty in 1973.
Late funds hampered Beagle mission to Mars: MPs LONDON - The Beagle 2 space probe failed to land safely on Mars because the British government tried to fund the mission  quot;on the cheap, quot; a parliamentary committee has charged.
Munro, Morris Face Off in NLCS Game 2 (AP) AP - The Houston Astros put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the NL Championship series on Thursday, one night after dropping the opener to the St. Louis Cardinals 10-7.
WILLIAMS TO UNDERGO KNEE OP Williams injured the knee in practice Friday, and an MRI revealed that he had a tear to the lateral meniscus. A timetable for Williams #39; return will not be determined until after he has the surgery to repair the damaged cartilage.
Iraqi Environment Minister Survives Suicide Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi environment minister Mishkat\Moumin said she survived a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad\on Tuesday that killed four of her bodyguards.
Greenspan sceptical about central bank intervention on forex markets (AFP) AFP - US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan appeared to be sceptical about the efficacy of any central bank intervention to prop up the dollar.
Yukos Oil Co. Still Close to Bankruptcy (AP) AP - Russia's Yukos oil company has paid  #36;2.2 billion of its  #36;3.4 billion tax bill for 2000, Yukos' top finance official said Friday, as he renewed warnings that the embattled company was close to bankruptcy.
Microsoft boss the world #39;s most  #39;spammed #39; person Email users inundated with unsolicited  quot;spam quot; messages have reason to hope Microsoft will develop better tools for tackling the problem: Bill Gates is suffering more than anyone.
Fossil may fill gap in evolution A 13-million-year-old fossil found in Spain may be that of the last common ancestor to all living great apes, including humans, researchers reported Thursday.
Decks cleared for Aziz Islamabad, Aug. 25: Chaudhry Shujaat Hussein today resigned as Prime Minister, paving the way for his successor, finance minister Shaukat Aziz, to lead the country for the next three years.
And that #39;s a wrap for Hokiesand QBRandall The Virginia Tech quarterback connected with Eddie Royal for a 39-yard pass early in the fourth quarter that would provide the winning margin in a 16-10 triumph over Miami, wrapping up the ACC championship
New Dinosaur Discovered: T. Rex Cousin Had Feathers Scientists say they have found a small, earlier cousin of &lt;I&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/I&gt; that had at least a partial coat of feathers. &lt;i&gt;Includes image gallery.&lt;/i&gt;
Blackhawks Re-Sign Goalie Leighton (AP) AP - The Chicago Blackhawks re-signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract Wednesday.
Oracle extends PeopleSoft offer for 12th time REDWOOD SHORES, Calif. (Dow Jones/AP) -- Oracle Corp. extended its hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc. for the 12th time, pushing the tender offer through Oct. 8. In a press release Thursday, Oracle said about
Hard feelings likely to linger Parting with Syracuse and the Big East was such sweet sorrow for Boston College after the 17th-ranked Eagles, playing their final game as a Big East member, absorbed a ruinous 43-17 loss yesterday that prevented them from winning the conference title outright and clinching a Bowl Championship Series berth.
SAP migration part of Nortel #39;s cost-cutting plans A standartisation to SAP is part of Nortel Networks #39; restructuting plans and is part of a move that will also see 10 of its workforce, or around 3500 jobs, eliminated.
ATI Xpress 200 Review November 08, 2004 - AnandTech have slapped up a great feature and review on ATI #39;s new chipset for AMD processors, which seems to give Nvidia a run for their money.
Iran says to fulfill uranium suspension as scheduled: spokesman Iran said on Sunday that it would fulfill its commitment of suspending uranium enrichment activities on Monday, denying the allegation that it was still producing uranium feedstuff for enrichment.
Apple unveils super-thin iMac #39; Apple Computer launched the newest version of its iMac model, which at two inches (five centimeters) is the worlds thinnest desktop computer, the company said.
Canada Has Biggest Surplus in 3 Years, Pays Down Debt (Update1) Canada recorded aC\$9.1 billion (\$7.9 billion) budget surplus in fiscal 2004, five times the government #39;s forecast, as accelerating economic growth generated a tax windfall for Finance Minister Ralph Goodale.
5 convicted of rapes on island founded by Bounty mutineers The mayor of the Pacific Ocean island of Pitcairn and his son were among five men found guilty Monday of a series of rapes and sexual assaults against girls on the island stretching back over four decades.
Redskins 27, Falcons 0 Mark Brunell opened the game with a touchdown drive and was done for the night. Michael Vick opened with an interception and never did produce a play for positive yardage.
NTT DoCoMo and Motorola teams up on 3G Phones NTT DoCoMo, top mobile phone carrier in Japan, and Motorola Inc., worlds number two cell-phone maker, plans to develop third-generation cell phones that allow subscribers in Japan to use services in other parts of Asia and Europe.
Powell Advises Mideast Caution Secretary of State Colin L. Powell prescribed a cautious approach to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Friday, saying substantial steps toward creation of a
Callaghan back on Tufts soccer field After missing the first four games of the season with a hamstring injury, Northborough's Sarah Callaghan has returned to the Tufts University women's soccer team.
Drivers hope to cut to the Chase The grip on the steering wheel will be a little tighter, aggressions will run a little higher and emotions will be flowing stronger than ever.
Charles Schwab Cuts Online Commissions Charles Schwab Corp. on Monday said its brokerage unit will cut its base online stock-trading fee to \$19.95 from \$29.95, starting Nov. 1. The price cut could reduce revenue by 2 percent for the next 12 months
Medtronic Net Up on Higher ICD Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N) on Wednesday\said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand\for devices that slow racing heartbeats, offsetting a\weaker-than-expected performance in some of its other\businesses.
Titans Can Move Ball, but Can't Score (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans are doing a great job of holding onto the ball. Now, they have to find a way to get into the end zone.
US Wins \$1.9 Million in Back Pay for Janitors he United States Department of Labor announced yesterday that it had reached a \$1.9 million settlement with a contractor for the Target Corporation after finding that the contractor had
New Start-Up Breed: Born in the USA, Made in India  BANGALORE, India (Reuters) - Multinationals have trimmed  the fat for years by shifting low-value work to India. Now,  slim Silicon Valley start-ups are leading a new outsourcing  wave, moving cutting-edge product development to Bangalore and  beyond.
Man held over China school deaths A man is arrested in China on suspicion of stabbing to death eight pupils at a school, officials say.
India's Satyam posts 28 percent jump in second quarter profit (AFP) AFP - Leading Indian software exporter, Satyam, second quarter profit rose 27.92 percent to 41.2 million dollars on the back of strong orders and rationalisation of costs.
Solana has to retract claim over Hamas Javier Solana, European Union foreign policy chief, was on Thursday forced to issue a retraction after saying he had made  quot;direct contact quot; with Hamas, listed by the EU as a banned terrorist group.
US Airways passengers check options US Airways is dangerously close to its second Chapter 11 filing in two years, a bankruptcy that could cripple the airline and its frequent fliers if it fails to cut costs severely.
US Airways pilot talks collapse The pressure on US Airways mounted last night after talks with its pilots aimed at cutting nearly \$300m (163m) in costs broke down.
Leipzig Hopes to Gain DHL Hub Courier service DHL is expected to set up an intercontinental hub either in Vatry, France, or Leipzig, Germany. For the eastern German city, a lot is at stake.
NHL #39;s Bertuzzi Pleads Not Guilty to On-Ice Assault NHL star Todd Bertuzzi pleaded not guilty on Thursday to an assault charge for an on-ice attack that left a player with a fractured neck and shocked the sporting community.
Yangon assures turning off NE terror tap NEW DELHI, OCTOBER 25: Stopping short of a commitment on joint operations to weed out North-East insurgent camps from its territory, Myanmar today indicated it was more in favour of a co-ordinated approach through which specific information
Deutsche Telekom to reintegrate T-Online Deutsche Telekom is offering to buy back shares in its internet subsidiary in a bid to strengthen its ability to provide bundled voice, data and video services.
British try to sway Ohio swing voters Exemplified by the Guardian's 'pen pal' campaign, Europeans are seeking a voice in the presidential election.
Oil giant makes peace in Myanmar US oil giant Unocal Corp has agreed in principle to settle a lawsuit brought by Myanmar villagers who accused it of complicity in human rights abuses, including slave labour, during the building of a pipeline, a company spokesman said today.
E.U. Set To Lift Sanctions For Now European Union has decided to lift, at least temporarily, sanctions imposed on U.S. goods since Congress enacted sweeping changes in corporate tax law earlier this month.
Eight US marines killed in western Iraq Fierce fighting in Fallujah forces US marines to call in both tanks, fighter jets for back up. By Pierre Celerier - FALLUJAH, Iraq.
Our Man in Pyongyang Sets off on Blast Inspection Britains ambassador to North Korea travelled today to the site of a massive explosion to verify claims by the secretive Marxist nation that it was not a nuclear test.
Pennsylvania Turnpike Workers Go on Strike Motorists coasted through Pennsylvania Turnpike toll plazas for free on Wednesday morning after roughly 1,300 unionized toll collectors and maintenance workers went on
Google Lowers Expectations for Its Value (AP) AP - Google Inc. dramatically lowered expectations for the Internet search giant's value Wednesday ahead of its much ballyhooed coming out party in the public markets. The offering is still one of the biggest and highly anticipated for an Internet company, surpassing the hot issues of the dot-com boom.
Yukos board escapes from Russia Fear of arrest has forced all the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos to flee the country. The entire management board was in London on Thursday, according to the Financial Times.
Agassi Wins Appeal Against British Tax Ruling Former world number one tennis player Andre Agassi has won his appeal against a High Court ruling that athletes and other professional entertainers are liable to tax on sponsors #39; payments while working in Britain.
United to Trim Fleet Size, Add International Routes (Update2) UAL Corp. said it will reduce the overall size of United Airlines #39; fleet and shift more aircraft to serve international routes, which are more profitable.
Japan Current Account Surplus Up 8.2 Pct. Japan #39;s current account surplus expanded 8.2 percent in July from a year earlier for its 13th consecutive month of growth, the government said Thursday.
Colombia OKs Extradition of Drug Kingpin Colombian President Alvaro Uribe late Monday authorized the extradition to the United States of drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, the president's spokesman said.
UAL Corp. Seeks Bankruptcy Exit Financing United Airlines has begun reaching out to potential lenders with its revamped business plan for financing to leave bankruptcy, the company said on Friday.
Iran #39;s nuclear gamesmanship Having been duped last year by Iran, negotiators for France, Germany and Britain labored mightily over the past months to produce what they hoped would be an airtight agreement that would force Iran to abandon its nuclear ambitions.
ICQ Updates Its Web-Based E-Mail The increasingly competitive Web mail market has a new player: Instant messaging provider ICQ. The company now offers a fee-based service that includes 2GB of storage, a calendar feature, task manager, notepad
Olympic roundup ATHENS, Greece - For one game, the United States was its former Olympic basketball self on Monday afternoon. Considering the opponent, winless Angola, that shouldn #39;t be viewed as a strong foundation for optimism as medal play approaches.
Funds: What Makes a Fund a Winner?  (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds  for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr.  Willis.)
Argentina takes basketball gold, US settles for bronze ATHENS--Argentina was crowned Olympic men #39;s basketball king Saturday night as it eased to a 84-69 victory over Italy in the gold medal game at Olympic Indoor Hall.
FCC Approves Fiber-Optic Broadband Rules (AP) AP - Federal regulators approved new rules Thursday aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans  #151; but critics complained the move will hinder competition in broadband services and keep prices high.
Google Browser May Be Reality Google Browser May Become Reality\\There has been much fanfare in the Mozilla fan camps about the possibility of Google using Mozilla browser technology to produce a GBrowser - the Google Browser. Over the past two weeks, the news and speculation has escalated to the point where even Google itself is ...
Israeli Troops Kill 5 in West Bank Clashes-Witnesses Israeli troops killed at least five Palestinian militants in the West Bank city of Nablus on Wednesday, witnesses said. A military spokeswoman confirmed operations were under way but declined to comment on casualties.
Mmo2, Lucent to deploy converged fixed-mobile network on Isle of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UK mobile operator Mmo2 and US telecoms equipment maker Lucent Technologies are to deploy a converged fixed-mobile network for Mmo2 #39;s subsidiary, Manx Telecom, on the Isle of Man.
Lord James Hanson, prominent British businessman, dies at 82 Lord James Hanson, a wealthy industrialist whose business prospered by acquiring poorly run, low-tech companies and turning them into money makers, died Monday after a long battle with cancer, his spokesman said.
Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Looks Set to Go Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape\case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's\highest court ruled against prosecutors on Monday over a key\piece of evidence in the high-profile case.
German Institutes Forecast Growth Will Slow in 2005 (Update1) German economic growth will slow next year as foreign demand for goods and services cools and consumers hesitate to increase spending, the country #39;s six leading economic research institutes said.
Varitek stays one step ahead The first two at-bats were the kind of moments he'd like to forget. Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek looked, for lack of a better word, wobbly in his initial appearances against Anaheim fireballer Bartolo Colon.
Toshiba, TCL to Cooperate on Appliances SHANGHAI, China - Focusing on the fast-growing Chinese market, Japan #39;s Toshiba and major Chinese appliance maker TCL have signed a broad agreement to cooperate in making and marketing appliances in China, the companies said Thursday.
U.S. Aircraft Make New Attack on Rebels in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a fresh  assault on Shi'ite rebels in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf  early Sunday after talks on transferring control of the mosque  at the center of a two-week siege ran into trouble.
Arafat #39;s ultimate failure was that he never dared to let go of the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Yasser Arafat died as he lived: amid confusion, intrigue and farce. His fatal ailment was described first as a stomach flu, then an unknown blood disorder or liver condition and, finally, a brain haemorrhage.
Red Sox walking on err with 2-0 lead in Series Two games into the 100th World Series, the Boston Red Sox are threatening to run away from the National League #39;s winningest team in 18 years.
Italian team ordered to play without fans The Italian team Lazio was ordered Friday to play its next European game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
Rosedale chips fuel Intel's WiMax drive SAN FRANCISCO -- Intel Corp. expects its first-generation WiMax chips to spawn devices for wireless broadband end-users that cost less than \$200 and won't require a visit by a service provider, a company executive said Tuesday.
Typhoon Chaba approaches southwestern Japan TOKYO : Typhoon Chaba was approaching Japan and was expected to bring heavy rain and high winds to large areas in southwestern regions over the weekend, officials said.
Virus targets 64-bit Windows Digital pest prototype infects files only found in early Windows code for AMD 64-bit Opteron processors.
XP price cut may be just the beginning (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - A tiny yet important crack has opened, with little notice, in the great Windows monopoly that surrounds personal computing.
Detroit Tigers Team Report - September 4 (Sports Network) - Detroit registered a 4-2 win over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Friday night at Tropicana Field. After the game, the Tigers left the state as Hurricane Frances was set to affect the area in the next few days.
Losing pace?  Like a runner who slows down before the finish line, the US economy may be losing momentum as it approaches the November election.
One dead after World Cup qualifier One man has died and seven have been injured in clashes between Greek and Albanian fans in Greece following the World Cup qualifier game played between the two countries in Tirana, police say.
Fate of US Iraq war ally hangs in balance as Australians vote (AFP) AFP - Australians have gone to the polls in national elections that will decide if their country remains in Iraq as staunch allies of the United States or pulls out by Christmas to switch its international focus to engagement with Asia.
El Duque seeks to stay unbeaten for Yanks NEW YORK - Orlando Hernandez will try to continue his unbeaten season when the AL East-leading New York Yankees close out a three-game series with the Toronto Blue Jays.
Overseas Investors May Purchase \$15 Billion of China #39;s Bad Debt International investors may buy as much as \$15 billion in bad loans in China in the next three years, said PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the world #39;s third-biggest accounting firm.
Yukos Shareholders to Consider Bankruptcy Next Month (Update3) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will ask shareholders to consider declaring bankruptcy to protect assets from government demands for \$14 billion in back taxes, more than the company #39;s market value.
Taking the toxic out of building We consume more every year, and the building industry is no exception. But more complex buildings are creating bigger problems when it comes to dealing with waste.
Nortel's Shares Fall on Revenue Warning Nortel Networks reversed a longstanding position that its revenue growth would exceed the overall market's this year.
Firefox e-mail program free and feature-packed Q:I am now happily using Mozilla Firefox for Web browsing instead of Microsoft Internet Explorer. Now I wonder whether I should also switch to Mozilla #39;s free e-mail program.
Oil Prices Boost Profit at ConocoPhillips (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices at record highs sent\quarterly profits up at ConocoPhillips  and two other\top U.S. producers on Wednesday.
IBM, AMD Speed Chips, Strain Wafers (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers at IBM  and\Advanced Micro Devices Inc.  have improved a chip-making\technology called strained silicon, boosting  semiconductor\performance at a time when such gains are increasingly hard to\come by, the companies said on Sunday.
S. American Zone Moldova and Scotland seem destined to chase the wooden spoon in Group 5 after failing to take advantage of each other #39;s limitations.
UK's Branson to Launch Space Tourism in 2007 (Reuters) Reuters - Richard Branson, Britain's best-known\entrepreneur and part-time daredevil, plans to launch the\world's first passenger service to space in 2007, offering\zero-gravity flights for  #36;198,600.
Sistani #39;s Initiative Fortunately, it ended as such. The major massacre did not occur, but small ones did. The shrines and the holy places were not destroyed, although some walls were hit.
It's a Family Affair Murdoch is battling Malone to keep a tight grip on News Corp. -- and benefit heirs, if not shareholders
Sony Abandons Copy-Control Music CDs (AP) AP - Sony Corp.'s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Real Madrid host AS Roma in a game of survival The Santiago Bernabeu will be under the spotlights when Real host Roma in a clash the loser of which will be in dire straits. Both sides are enjoying poor league form and injury worries as their new coaches
Gore Urges Blacks to Vote at Fla. Rally (AP) AP - Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday told blacks embittered by his narrow loss in the 2000 presidential election that ""it doesn't have to be this way"" and urged them to turn anger into energy at the polls.
Interest Rate Dilemma for Bank Committee Rate-setters at the Bank of England were given plenty to ponder today after figures on house prices and manufacturing output confounded expectations.
International Space Station Astronaut to Vote From Orbit CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- The space station's newest astronaut will cast his ballot in the presidential election from 225 miles up, with NASA's help...
Sanofi-Aventis Sales Up 10.7 Percent Sanofi-Aventis SA on Thursday said revenue rose 10.7 percent in the third quarter, as the company posted its first results since its creation from a tie-up between two French drug makers.
WebMethods names new CEO, chairman The company promotes from within--Chief Operating Officer David Mitchell is appointed CEO.
Musharraf heads for first meeting with Indian PM at UN assembly (AFP) AFP - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf leaves Sunday for crucial peace talks with Indian Premier Manmohan Singh on the sidelines of a UN gathering as the leaders of the nuclear-armed neighbors meet for the first time since India's change of government.
Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Subscribers to Moveon.org #39;s mailing lists may have found their interest in the anti-Bush political site a matter of public record.
Stocks End Higher Helped by Merck, Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on  Wednesday, as the dollar strengthened and shares of Merck   Co.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; helped lift the Dow after the drugmaker gave a forecast  that was not as bad as some expected.
Bills offense in line for trouble Here #39;s what Buffalo Bills offensive line coach Jim McNally sees when he looks at the Patriots stats, news #39; defense: They #39;re sound and have terrific coaching.
Hughes Calls for Welsh Successor Departing Wales boss Mark Hughes has added his weight to the argument for appointing another Welshman to succeed him. The former Manchester United and Barcelona striker was unveiled
It's about the best you can do with BCS Playoffs? Who needs playoffs? And isn't that ironic in another season when the ""P-word"" was again front and center in a Bowl Championship Series controversy?
Intel delays delivery of chip for projection TVs - report BEIJING (AFX-ASIA) - Intel Corp said it is delaying the delivery of its first chip for projection television sets, while rival Advanced Micro Devices Inc is moving on schedule to an advanced manufacturing process, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Iran rejects European demands over nuclear standoff TEHRAN : Iran rejected European demands that it halt all uranium enrichment activities and described a proposal aimed at ending Tehran #39;s nuclear standoff with the international community as  quot;unbalanced.
BigFix eases enterprise deployment of SP2 BigFix, an enterprise security vendor, announced yesterday that its BigFix Enterprise Suite  quot;supports and simplifies quot; the deployment of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2).
Shot put winner stripped of gold ATHENS, Greece -- The winner of Wednesday #39;s women #39;s shot put has been stripped of her gold medal after failing a drugs test after the competition.
Russia developing new missile system MOSCOW: President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that Russia is developing a new type of nuclear missile system unlike those held by other countries, news agencies reported.
Is the Food Industry the Problem or the Solution? Diet trends aren't just for adults anymore. A new obsession of America's food, beverage and restaurant companies is thwarting childhood obesity.
WEST VIRGINIA 27, SYRACUSE 6 Mountaineers Roll Over Orange Rasheed Marshall told a teammate at the start of the season he thought he would break Donovan McNabb #39;s Big East rushing record for quarterbacks against Syracuse.
Canon, Toshiba to Form Flat Panel Display Venture  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese technology companies Canon Inc.  and Toshiba Corp. said on Tuesday they would invest \$1.82  billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel  displays.
CRICKET: India denied chance India were denied the chance to push for a series-levelling victory in the second Test against Australia by the Chennai weather. India had gone into the final day on 19 without loss, needing 210 to win but heavy rain completely washed out play.
Belgium #39;s Verhofstadt to Resume DHL Talks Following Car Crash Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt will resume discussions today on a plan to allow DHL Worldwide Express to add night flights from Brussels after suffering minor injuries in a car accident, his spokesman said.
Stewart Enters Prison She arrived at 6.15 am, Friday at the Alderson Federal Prison Camp, according to an announcement by the US Bureau of Prisons. She put out the news first, on her Marthatalks.
Zimbabwean MP jailed for a year after shoving minister Zimbabwe #39;s most persecuted white MP began a year of hard labour last night after parliament voted to jail him for shoving the Justice Minister during a debate over land seizures.
iTunes Affiliate Program iTunes is the first download music store to offer direct links to a la carte singles and albums that generate paid commissions to affiliate websites. The iTunes Affiliate Program will complement successful iTunes programs including iTunes on Campus, offering free site licenses to colleges and universities, and the iTunes Volume Discount Program, providing bulk song downloads at a discount. Sep 1
Capital One Financial to Cut 750 Jobs Capital One Financial Corp., the holding company of Capital One Bank, plans to eliminate about 750 jobs as it shifts the majority of its production service operations to a U.S.-based supplier, the company reported Tuesday.
US publisher cuts jobs after scandal Seeking to restore the confidence of investors and advertisers after discovering exaggerated circulation figures at The Dallas Morning News, Belo Corp.
Shoppers offer retailers cheer Retailers generally had a good showing as the Christmas shopping season began last weekend, but Wal-Mart Stores Inc. dampened the holiday mood with a lump of coal as it reduced its projected sales.
France Accepts Iraqi Conference Rules (AP) AP - In a quiet retreat, France on Monday eased off its call to include Iraqi groups that renounce violence in an international conference next month on ways to pacify their war-ravaged country.
NASCARS Finest Call Its sad to think that NASCAR has gotten so good at this. Weve watched their response to tragedy too many times not to recognize the seriousness of a situation.
Iraq carnage kills 21 AT LEAST 21 people were killed in the latest in a renewed spree of attacks to hit Iraq, as a top UN official issued a stark warning that elections could not be held in the current climate of violence.
Search Engines and Competitive Research Search engines can tell you a lot about your competition, if you know what to look for. A panel of experts offers tips on profiling your competition.
Suspected Israeli Agents Kill Militant in Syria  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Syria accused Israel of terrorism  after a bomb -- which Israeli security sources said Israel  planted -- killed a Hamas official in Damascus on Sunday. Hamas  vowed to retaliate.
Dell, Novell expand partnership to push Linux Dell and Novell today announced plans to offer Novell SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 on Dell's single- and dual-processor PowerEdge servers worldwide.
Broadband by power lines moves forward Federal Communications Commission (FCC) changed its rules on Friday in hopes of promoting wider broadband access throughout the nation by offering the service over power lines.
Portugal Suffers Humiliating Athens Exit in Soccer  ATHENS (Reuters) - Portugal were bundled out of the men's  soccer tournament at the Athens Olympics on Wednesday after a  humiliating 4-2 defeat by Costa Rica.
Spotted owl remains a threatened species, government says GRANTS PASS, Ore. - After a review prompted by a timber industry lawsuit, the federal government announced Thursday that the northern spotted owl, the icon of logging wars in the Northwest, will remain on the threatened species list.
Payless Posts Profit on Cost Control (Reuters) Reuters - Retailer Payless ShoeSource Inc.\ on Friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower\advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset\decreased sales.
French lawyer asks Red Cross to look into reports of Saddam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS A French lawyer is asking the Red Cross to check into reports that Saddam Hussein has begun a hunger strike. The attorney says he represents Saddam and that there are indications from Iraq that the former
Microsoft Fixes  #39;Critical #39; XP Firewall Issue Microsoft has quietly released an update to Windows XP to fix a potentially serious configuration problem in the firewall that ships as part of Windows XP Service Pack 2. Users who installed SP2 on their Windows
U.S. Treasury Debt Narrowly Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt was narrowly mixed  on Monday as investors proved reluctant to make any major bets  ahead of key events this week including a speech from Fed  Chairman Alan Greenspan and the crucial September jobs report.
Qantas raises fuel surcharge Qantas Airways has raised its fuel surcharge on domestic and international tickets by \$4 and \$7, respectively, because of the high price of oil.
UPDATE 1-Baird keeps Lehman at bay in Funai Classic Briny Baird, seeking his first win on the PGA Tour, fired a six-under-par 66 to grab the lead after the second round of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Friday.
New Chechen Leader Vows Peace, Poll Criticized  GROZNY, Russia (Reuters) - Chechnya's new leader vowed  Monday to rebuild the shattered region and crush extremists  after winning an election condemned by a rights group as a show  stage-managed by Moscow.
Millions of Dell power adapters recalled The Taiwan-made AC adapters sold with Dell notebooks can overheat, posing risk of fire and electrical shock.
Airbus Sees Mobile Phone Use on Planes in 2006  LONDON (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus reported  progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use  mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
Tough road awaits Lehman Anticipating the US Ryder Cup team will be the underdog - for perhaps the first time in decades - in the 2006 matches at The K Club outside Dublin, Ireland, newly named US captain Tom Lehman figures that will give his squad a psychological advantage and
Baseball player #39;s religious holiday needs no explanation He is credited with victory. Which always begs the question of how the losers are supposed to feel. Are they sinners ... heathens ... infidels? Inadequate at prayer? Or just lacking in defense?
Strong Quake Hits Japan #39;s Hokkaido, 14 Hurt A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit a sparsely populated area of Japan #39;s northernmost main island of Hokkaido early on Monday, injuring at least 14 people.
Rumor Control: Bono buys Edios and Metal Gear Solid: The Movie The official story:  quot;No, this isnt true. Just a wild rumor. quot;--Eidos staffer. Bono was unavailable for comment. What we heard: Though at first it was laughed off as one of the loopiest rumors to hit the
Danes to seek oil at North Pole Denmark is to undertake an expedition to try to back its bid for the North Pole, the country's Science Ministry says.
No. 2 Oklahoma Rolls Over Kansas, 41-10 (AP) AP - Jason White threw for 389 yards and four touchdowns against a defense geared up to stop Adrian Peterson, and No. 2 Oklahoma defeated Kansas 41-10 on Saturday.
News deals Rupert \$18m bonus News Corporation has awarded its executive chairman Rupert Murdoch a staggering \$US12.5 million (\$18 million) performance bonus for the latest financial year - believed to be the biggest in Australian corporate history.
Donsanjh still nixing pharmacare, but premiers plan meeting to refine program (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - In his first public address as federal health minister, Ujjal Dosanjh carefully toed the government line on Monday, saying Ottawa is prepared to invest more money in medicare to reduce waiting times, but not by sponsoring a national pharmacare program demanded by the provinces. But even as he was speaking, Saskatchewan's premier said in Regina that provincial premiers will meet one more time to flesh out the details of the proposed pharmacare program before taking their idea to Prime Minister Paul Martin.
Does new Peoplesoft CEO signal a buyout? Is PeopleSoft #39;s founder and long-time chief executive back at the helm to accept Oracle #39;s takeover bid, or to dig-in for a long-term battle?
Kings Defeat Winless Bulls 113-106 (AP) AP - Peja Stojakovic scored 29 points, Mike Bibby added 27 and the Sacramento Kings kept the Chicago Bulls winless with a 113-106 victory on Tuesday night.
Markets close as sixth typhoon this year hits Taiwan Taiwan #39;s markets and government offices closed yesterday as Typhoon Nock-Ten, the sixth typhoon to hit this year, whipped parts of the island with torrential rains and winds.
Mandelson attacks gay row commissioner The crisis over claims by Italy #39;s incoming EU Justice and Home Affairs commissioner that homosexuality is  quot;a sin quot; deepened yesterday, as his future colleague, Peter Mandelson, described the remarks as  quot;unwise quot;.
Howard, Latham shrug off poll BOTH Prime Minister John Howard and Opposition Leader Mark Latham today played down new poll results which showed the Government clawing back some of Labor #39;s lead.
Kimberly-Clark Sets Cost-Cut Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Kimberly-Clark Corp.  said on\Monday it is targeting  #36;400 million to  #36;500 million in cost\savings over the next three years and still expects earnings\this quarter to meet its previous expectations.
Homers by Pujols, Rolen Power Cards to Victory  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen hit  back-to-back home runs in the eighth inning to lead the St  Louis Cardinals to a 6-4 win over the Houston Astros in Game  Two of the NL Championship Series at Busch Stadium on Thursday.
Jones to Buy Barneys in \$400 Mln Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mid-priced clothing retailer and maker  Jones Apparel Group Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JNY.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday it was buying  Barneys New York Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNNY.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BNNY.OB&lt;/A&gt; in a deal worth \$400 million as  a move to expand into luxury apparel retailing.
FCC to Act on Fiber-Optic Networks The Federal Communications Commission is planning to approve  a proposal to give the major telephone companies more leeway in the design of new fiber-optic networks, sparing them from the regulation that governs traditional phone lines. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Casino-hotel workers make deal Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
EU urges China to exert moderation after textile quotas end (AFP) AFP - The European Union called on China at a summit to rein in its textile exports after international quotas are scrapped next year.
Kerry: Bush Out of Touch, Out of Ideas, Out of Time (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry,\pumped up by polls showing he won all three debates with\President Bush, dismissed the Republican incumbent on Thursday\as out of touch, out of ideas and out of time.
Japan expected to remain quiet on yuan TOKYOWhen the United States demands at this week #39;s Group of Seven meeting that China loosen its grip on the yuan, Japan is expected to say little and try to avoid being drawn into the debate between the country #39;s two biggest trading partners.
Huawei wins 3G contract from Telfort Huawei Technologies, China #39;s leading telecommunications equipment maker, will build a third-generation network for Telfort, the Dutch mobile operator, its first such contract in Europe.
Intel Raises 4th-Quarter Sales Forecast Intel Corp.'s fourth-quarter sales are on track to break a company record as demand for the chips that power computers was stronger than originally expected in the weeks leading up to the holiday buying season.
Weaker than expected rise in August housing finance in Australia SYDNEY: Australian housing finance figures show a weaker-than-expected 0.4 percent rise in the number of mortgages taken out during the month of August.
No Road To Ruin What #39;s new in this debate is that interest rates have begun to climb: while 30-year mortgages are still below 6 percent, economists predict they #39;ll be at 6.25 by December and higher next year.
Stocks Rise, Mergers, Retail Sales Help  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks added to earlier gains on  Monday after software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; accepted  rival Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; \$10.3 billion sweetened buyout  offer and data showed better-than-expected November retail  sales.
Lord of the Ring: Kostya Tszyu stops Mitchell in three For two years, many have contended that Kostya Tszyus absence from the ring had kept the rest of the junior welterweight division on hold.
Tropical Storm Jeanne Forms in Atlantic (AP) AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne formed Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean Tuesday and was expected to hit Puerto Rico with strong wind and heavy rain by Wednesday morning.
Bin Laden: US security depends on policy Osama bin Laden delivered a new videotaped message in which he told Americans their security does not depend on the president they elect, but on US policy.
Market activity continues to slow, but  #39;soft landing #39; seen LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Activity in the UK housing market is continuing to slow, according to data from two major market participants, though a surprise 1 percent rise in house prices in November helped to offset immediate fears of a market crash.
NBA Wrap: Chicago Bulls Stun Los Angeles Lakers Eddy Curry registered 18 points and 10 rebounds and Tyson Chandler added 18 rebounds and 10 points as the Chicago Bulls stunned the Los Angeles Lakers 92-84 Wednesday.
Bangladesh in Shock as Blast Toll Hits 17 (Reuters) Reuters - Extra armed police patrolled the streets\of the Bangladeshi capital and traffic was light on Sunday, a\working day, as shocked Bangladeshis woke up to the aftermath\of grenade blasts that killed at least 17 people.
Sorenstam benefits from  #39;mother of all #39; shots World number one Annika Sorenstam posted a 4-under-par round of 68 overnight to open a three-shot lead midway through the season-ending LPGA tournament at West Palm Beach, Florida.
Iran Gives Pledge on Uranium, but Europeans Are Cautious The governments of France, Germany and Britain are studying a letter delivered Sunday by Iran in which it pledged to suspend uranium enrichment activities temporarily in
The Tiny Next Big Thing As nanotechnology evolves, the smart investor will keep an eye on the players most likely to be left standing -- and making money.
Sun buys IT services company to help HP/IBM fight Sun Microsystems is buying IT services company SevenSpace for an undisclosed amount of cash, helping to expand its support for operating systems outside of Solaris.
LeapFrog Warns on 3Q, Year Profit View LeapFrog Enterprises Inc., a developer of technology-based educational products, on Monday lowered third-quarter and full-year profit expectations, citing difficult market conditions.
Man Utd deny receiving firm takeover bid MANCHESTER, Oct 15 (SW) - Following the recent speculation over a potential takeover bid issued by US tycoon Malcolm Glazer, Manchester United have announced they have yet to receive a firm offer.
Crowds gather for Zimbabwe treason verdict building in central Harare under the watchful eyes of dozens of riot police toting batons or rifles. More riot police set up roadblocks on some of Harare #39;s main roads, searching vehicles heading towards the city centre.
Arafat left Middle East peace foundations A UN Middle East expert Monday asked world leaders to continue Yasser Arafat #39;s efforts to negotiate an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
New Year's their day? Boston College's 21-10 victory over Rutgers yesterday was the Eagles' sixth win, making them eligible for a bowl bid. It may even have put them in prime position for a New Year's Day game, even if they lose to West Virginia next week in Morgantown.
Yukos fined \$1.34bn for failure to pay tax LONDON, October 11 (newratings.com) - Embattled Russian oil giant, Yukos Oil (YUSA.FSE), has been ordered to pay \$1.34 billion in fines and penalties for failing to pay its tax liabilities for 2001 on time.
Polish hostage freed in Iraq already in Warsaw A Polish woman kidnapped in Iraq last month has been freed and flown to Poland and said she was treated well, raising hopes for other foreign hostages.
Supreme Court to Hear Case on Cable as Internet Carrier The Supreme Court on Friday stepped into one of the most heated debates over the future of the Internet: how to classify high-speed Internet cable service for purposes
Blatter criticises  #39;childish #39; England players Sepp Blatter, the president of football #39;s world governing body Fifa, will tell Sven Goran Eriksson today that his England players were wrong to boycott the media last week.
Digestion troubles get more attention By Michael Lasalandra, Globe Correspondent  August 24, 2004. Brynna Mathews began having intestinal problems in her early 20s. The onset was gradual, but eventually the bloating, cramping, intestinal pain
Sony #39;s no blockbuster EVERYONE from Rupert Murdoch to Christopher Skase kicked the tires at MGM at some point during the 30 years the fabled studio was on and off the block.
Israel razes home of teenage suicide bomber NABLUS, WEST BANK - Israeli troops Tuesday destroyed the home of a 16-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber who blew himself up in a Tel Aviv market a day earlier.
Greece grabs first gold HOST nation Greece grabbed its first gold medal of the Athens Olympics this morning when Nikolaos Siranidis and Thomas Bimis won the men #39;s three-metre synchronised diving after China #39;s favourites suffered a no-dive.
OPEC consensus emerging to cut oil over-production CAIRO (AFP) - OPEC oil producers appeared set to agree on a reduction in crude output by stepping up quota compliance to thwart a feared drop in prices as global energy demand slows next year.
Tata signs IT deal with Ferrari India's largest software services firm will provide engineering services for the development of Ferrari's 2005-season F1 car.
Alcatel wins \$1.7 billion SBC contract SBC Communications taps the French telecom equipment maker to upgrade its network with fiber-optic technology.
Clarke romps home in Taiheiyo Masters GOTEMBA, Shizuoka Pref. (Kyodo) European Ryder Cup star Darren Clarke shot a solid 4-under-par 68 to capture his first victory of the season at the Mitsui-Sumitomo Visa Taiheiyo Masters on Sunday.
OPEC Raises Output by 1 Million bpd.; Tries to Gain Consumer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A meeting of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) has resulted in an increase of the cartels official oil production ceiling by one million barrels per day (bpd).
Brit-company four join top women FOUR women running British companies made it into today #39;s  #39;Top 50 Women to Watch #39; survey by the Wall Street Journal. American Rose Marie Bravo has achieved celebrity status worldwide with a turnaround of the
Commerce One Sinking Fast The dot-bomb survivor is down to its last \$700,000. Also: Viacom partners with a second Chinese media company   hellip;. Boeing downplays the speed of the airplane market's recovery   hellip;. and more.
AT amp;T #39;s text-only device debuts Aiming to please  quot;texting-crazed quot; young Americans, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. is today launching a hand-held device called Ogo that lets people send unlimited
Treasuries Down After 'Ugly' Auction  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Treasuries prices fell on Thursday  after results of an auction of U.S. government debt were weaker  than expected and drew almost no private demand.
It Just Had To Be It just had to be. After a year in which the Russian women had taken the grand slam circuit by storm (three out of four major championships is a decent enough result for any nation), they rounded off their
Singh has a few more goals Vijay Singh #39;s next milestone on his record rise atop the PGA Tour #39;s money list should be as easy to reach as loose change under the sofa cushions.
Woods Struggling to Cope with Body Changes - Singh  ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (Reuters) - Vijay Singh thinks the  main reason he has replaced Tiger Woods as world number one is  the American's failure to adapt to changes in his body.
Ontario spammer sued by Microsoft, Amazon.com A 25-year-old Kitchener, Ont. man is being sued again, this time by giants Microsoft and Amazon.com, for allegedly clogging cyberspace with fraudulent junk mail.
New Washington Stadium Will Cost More, Mayor Told (Reuters) Reuters - A new stadium for Major League\Baseball in Washington D.C. will cost around  #36;90 million more\than the mayor expects, the city's independent chief financial\officer told the City Council Thursday.
Nikkei Falls to 6-Week Low (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.4 percent\to a six-week closing low on Tuesday, marking an eight-day\losing streak, after oil prices topped  #36;50 a barrel, fanning\concern over the business outlook for Japanese companies.
Kent agrees to \$17 million, two-year contract with Dodgers ANAHEIM - The Los Angeles Dodgers got the established run producer they coveted for the middle of their lineup, and Jeff Kent got the team he wanted to play for since he was a boy.
Stover's Field Goal Lifts Ravens Over Jets Matt Stover kicked a 42-yard field goal with 7:39 remaining in overtime to lift the Ravens to a 20-17 victory over the Jets on Sunday.
Israel, Europe Could Be on Collision Course-Report (Reuters) Reuters - Israel could end up on a collision\course with the European Union and face sanctions like\apartheid-era South Africa unless the Israeli-Palestinian\conflict is resolved, a confidential government report warns.
Three percent is no longer sacred Ten days ago, the European Commission made an extremely significant decision on the Stability and Growth Pact, which lays down the principles of economic policy for states belonging to the euro bloc.
Millions in Americas watch lunar eclipse Millions of people in the Americas have stayed up to observe a total lunar eclipse that bathed the moon in a coppery red glow and gave scientists a chance to study the Earth #39;s atmosphere.
AT amp;T, AT amp;T Wireless end dispute, change brand pact AT amp;T Wireless and AT amp;T Corp. have resolved a dispute over branding and reached a new agreement ahead of Cingular Wireless #39; planned purchase of AT amp;T Wireless, the three companies said Monday.
US troop shift: A tale of two cities Bush's plan this week to restructure US forces in Europe is stirring up a mix of worry, nostalgia, and hope.
LionOre Mining offers \$208M US to acquire MPI Mines Ltd. of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - LionOre Mining International Ltd., a global company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, has made a \$208 million US friendly bid to acquire Australia #39;s MPI Mines Ltd.
Yankees acquire new leadoff man The Yankees have found a new leadoff man, signing free-agent second baseman Tony Womack to a two-year contract, Sporting News has learned.
Annan Rejects Calls For His Resignation UNITED NATIONS -- Kofi Annan is rejecting calls for his resignation, vowing to  quot;carry on quot; at the helm of the United Nations for the next two years.
IBM opens Linux center in Brazil IBM Corp. will spend more than \$1 million to help fund a Linux technology center in Brazil. The center, created in conjunction with the Brazilian government
Seattle calls up four from minors - including prospect Jeremy Reed Super prospect Jeremy Reed and right-hander Aaron Taylor, who is making a comeback from surgery, were among four minor-leaguers called up by the Seattle Mariners on Monday.
Suicide bomber kills 25 at mosque in Pakistan  SIALKOT, Pakistan -- A suicide attacker carrying a bomb in a briefcase struck a Shi'ite mosque crammed with hundreds of worshipers in eastern Pakistan, killing at least 25 people and wounding more than 50 during prayers yesterday.
The long march to Longhorn It #39;s not just because I #39;m tired of the bovine references and the  quot;shorthorn quot; jokes. No, the problem is that the future version of Windows formerly known as Longhorn in many ways won #39;t resemble the Longhorn
Singh Wins Playoff and P.G.A. Title Several players outplayed Vijay Singh on Sunday, but nobody outlasted him at the 86th P.G.A. Championship.
Iraq Can Be Good Engine of Growth in Region: IMF Chief JEDDAH, 24 October 2004 - War-shattered Iraq, which will certainly benefit from a peaceful situation like any other country, has great potential for growth.
GeForce 6600GT AGP, as good as it gets? We reported on PCI-Express chipsets in numerous articles in the past two months, by reading those you would almost start to think that AGP was indeed dead and buried.
Specter, Opponents Press Senate Leaders (AP) AP - Sen. Arlen Specter is working the phones and embarking on a media blitz in an attempt to cement his standing as future chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee in the face of demands from conservatives that he be passed over.
Tiny Sensors That  Can Track Anything They're small, smart and vigilant, the sort of miniature technology that science fiction writers once dreamed of. But the battery-powered, wireless sensors sometimes known as ""smart dust"" are here, and they're making their way into the electronic fabric of our lives. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Online Tracking Firm Says Kazaa Losing Users Kazaa's long-standing position as the most popular online file-sharing software appears to be over. Last month, the daily average of file-swappers on the FastTrack peer-to-peer network, which includes Kazaa and related programs, was surpassed for the first time by users on the eDonkey/Overnet network, according to online tracking firm BayTSP Inc.
Gamers Get a Look at PlayStation Portable Sony's upcoming gaming device earns mostly positive reviews from the crowd.
Galapagos Park Rangers Go on Strike (AP) AP - Some 300 Galapagos Islands rangers peacefully occupied park research stations Monday to protest the reported firing of the park director and his probable replacement.
Mars rover enjoys mysterious power boost Not only are NASA #39;s seemingly unstoppable Mars rovers continuing their progress half a year beyond their design lifetimes, but Opportunity has recently shown an unexplained increase in its solar-cell power output, NASA has revealed.
Top-ranked football team wins with flags, whistles The six men are co-workers and friends, and they are passionate about football. On Saturday and Sunday mornings, they rendezvous and ride together to spend the day at football games.
2 years after Bali, Indonesia is hopeful KUTA, Indonesia Two years ago, bombs killed 202 people on idyllic Bali island, an anniversary marked amid hopes that Indonesia can finally lay to rest one its most shocking tragedies.
Workers killed in Dubai airport building collapse Several workers are believed to have been killed and others injured after a contruction site collapsed at Dubai airport. The workers were trapped under rubble at the site of a \$4.
Sophos: Worm Spies on Innocent Computer Users Sophos believes that the W32/Rbot-GR worm is evidence of a growing trend of more and more malware spying on innocent home computer owners and poorly-protected businesses.
Police: No alcohol, drugs in ex-Steeler #39;s system Former NFL player Justin Strzelczyk did not have alcohol or drugs in his system when he died after leading police on a highway chase, authorities said.
Dutch court bars Kurd extradition A Dutch court blocks the extradition to Turkey of a Kurdish woman said to be a top militant leader.
Stem Cells May Open Some Eyes Scientists turn embryonic stem cells into retinal cells for the first time. The groundbreaking work could be tested to treat human blindness in two years if all goes well. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Stocks Open Lower as Wall St. Pulls Back US stocks opened slightly lower on Monday as investors pause after a three-day rally last week, with interest rates and a weakening dollar gaining focus now that the presidential election is over.
Cassini Space Probe Spots Two New Saturn Moons (Reuters) Reuters - Two new moons were spotted around\Saturn by the Cassini space probe, raising the total to 33\moons for the ringed planet, NASA said on Monday.
Browns coach Davis resigns; Robiskie named interim coach BEREA, Ohio (Ticker) - One day after admitting that his shaky job status was a  quot;distraction quot; to his players, Butch Davis resigned as coach of the Cleveland Browns on Tuesday.
Junqueira sets up Champ Car final Bruno Junqueira won Sunday #39;s Lexmark Indy 300 ahead to retain hopes of winning the Champ Car title. The Brazilian #39;s Newman-Haas team-mate Sebastian Bourdais needed to win seven more points than Junqueira in Surfers Paradise to secure the title.
Philippines GDP grows 6.3 on strong exports The Philippine economy continued to grow robustly in the third quarter despite rising consumer prices, with the gross domestic product expanding by 6.3 per cent from a year ago
Straw: Sudan Must Help Displaced People (AP) AP - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, touring a sprawling desert camp housing 40,000 displaced people from the troubled western Darfur region, urged the Sudanese government to do more to make it safe for the frightened refugees to return home.
BTG hits Amazon, Netflix and others with patent suit BTG, a London-based firm that focuses on intellectual property and technology commercialization, filed suit against Amazon.com, Barnesandnoble.com and two other Internet companies for infringing on patents related to the tracking of users online.
Last Gasp of a Dying Star? Spacecraft to Find Out A new spacecraft is being readied to make the fastest, most detailed study yet of the fleeting gamma ray bursts emanating from deep in space.
Palestinian says Americans' killers can't be arrested GAZA -- Palestinian security forces know who was behind the killing of three Americans in Gaza nearly a year ago but cannot act against the factions while fighting with Israel continues, a top Palestinian security official said.
Expectations too lofty for unlucky Willingham Three seasons after hiring Tyrone Willingham as head coach of the football program, the powers that be in South Bend, Ind., fired the 28-year coaching veteran Tuesday, one month prior to the Fighting Irish #39;s scheduled matchup with UCLA in the Insight Bowl
IBM Unveils Security Intel Service, Notes Big Jump In Attacks Attacks against crucial infrastructure -- utilities, telcos, and government agencies -- rose by 55 from July to August. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb.
Cancer drug blow for AstraZeneca DRUGS group AstraZeneca today suffered a massive setback after tests showed its blockbuster Iressa cancer treatment did not allow patients to live longer.
UTC buys Kidde for 1.4bn UK fire equipment manufacturer Kidde agrees a 1.4bn takeover by US manufacturer United Technologies.
O's Still Fishing With big fish like Richie Sexson still looking for work and prizes like Tim Hudson being dangled in the market, the Orioles remain hopeful that they can bag a big catch.
Oracle vs. PeopleSoft: Lies and Lying CEOs Who Tell Them PeopleSoft #39;s board knew that CEO Craig Conway had erred in his comments, so it filed a corrected version of the meeting transcript with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Analysis: Iran #39;s missile capabilities Iran has announced it has improved its missile capabilities by developing a medium-range ballistic missile, with abilities to work on longer range systems -- a steady progress that
Spyware opponents win another battle The Federal Trade Commission won an important victory last week in its fight to protect consumers from spyware, the software that tracks unsuspecting Web surfers, bombards them with advertisements and sometimes even steal login information and passwords.
Deal has S2io champing at the gigabit OTTAWA -- A local firm that says it can help shrink backup times at large data centres is growing its business thanks to an alliance with Sun Microsystems Inc.
Panasonic Races to Meet Plasma Demand Company is expanding production to deliver more flat-panel TVs.
Gold Fields wins appeal to fight takeover Gold Fields Ltd. won an appeal on Friday in its battle to stave off a hostile \$7.1 billion takeover by Harmony Gold Mining Co. that would create the world #39;s largest gold mining company.
Coalition asks US Congress to kill copyright bill WASHINGTON - A coalition of technology and advocacy groups on Friday asked the U.S. Senate to kill copyright legislation that might result in jail time for people who trade copyrighted files online.
Halifax first lender to predict house price fall Halifax yesterday became the the first major lender to predict widespread falls in house prices across Britain next year. Reporting that house prices fell again last month, Britain #39;s biggest mortgage lender
Iraq promises to release one of two high-profile women prisoners BAGHDAD Iraq promised Wednesday to release one of two high-profile women prisoners, but officials denied the decision was linked to demands by militants who purportedly killed two American hostages and are threatening to execute a Briton unless all female
BT to buy Infonet for US\$965mil BERLIN: BT Group Plc, Britain #39;s largest phone company, plans to buy Infonet Services Corp. for US\$965mil to add a data network spanning more than 180 countries.
Zeile to catch one last time Art Howe will fulfill a wish of the retiring Todd Zeile on Friday night: Zeile will catch Tom Glavine in Pittsburgh, his first time behind the plate in 14 years.
More mature Busch looking forward to Darlington Kurt Busch has learned a lot during his four years in NASCAR #39;s top series. He just hopes that knowledge is enough to carry him and his Roush Racing team to a Nextel Cup championship.
DATA VIEW: Singapore Aug Indus Output Below Expectations SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s industrial output rose a smaller-than-expected 5.3 on year in August, as the production of pharmaceuticals fell sharply from a high base a year ago.
MPAA takes filesharers to court The Motion Picture Association of America has gone on the offensive in its battle against piracy and peer-to-peer sharing of movies, and has launched more than 200 civil suits against users it identifies as being the worst offenders.
Zimbabwe cricket tour collapses England #39;s tour to Zimbabwe was on the brink of cancellation last night after David Morgan, the chairman of the England and Wales Cricket Board, instructed Michael Vaughan #39;s team not to board a flight to Harare an hour before it was scheduled to leave
Microsoft Issues IE Patch (Article Central) Microsoft released its October batch of security advisories this week, with a number of  quot;critical quot; patches, including a significant fix for the Internet Explorer browser.
Online Football: Bruins unable to squeeze past Trojans The UCLA football team had all that it asked for: possession of the ball in the fourth quarter with an opportunity to beat No. 1 USC.
Wardian, Feldman Right at Home in Parks Marathon Michael Wardian rounded the corner onto Woodmont Avenue in Bethesda, smiling broadly and waving to the cheering crowd. Making his way to the finish line, Wardian ran comfortably, looking more like someone finishing a training run rather than a race.
British Minister Sees 'Show Camp' in Sudan (Reuters) Reuters - Two rows of well-spaced\mattresses with brightly colored covers are laid out in a straw\hut, and the smiling nurse in surgical gloves gives an\injection to a crying baby held by his mother.
UPDATE 1-Beck to face Youzhny in St Petersburg final Unseeded Slovak Karol Beck reached the first final of his career at the St Petersburg Open, upsetting seventh-seeded Michael Llodra of France 6-4 2-6 6-1 on Saturday.
Intel slashes Itanium prices as Madison looms Intel has slashed prices across the board as it prepares to get behind new processor lines due this autumn. The Itanium server line has seen cuts of over 30 per cent, while prices for Intel #39;s fastest business
Cricket-Sri Lanka #39;s wicketkeeper calls it quits COLOMBO (AFP) - Sri Lanka #39;s wicketkeeper Romesh Kaluwitharana has announced his retirement from international cricket after being left out of the squad for next month #39;s tour to New Zealand.
VoIP firm ties rebate deal to Wi-Fi router Vonage and Cisco's Linksys have a new bundle: an 802.11g router and any of three Vonage plans.
Kmart and Sears announce merger Kmart Holding Corp and Sears, Roebuck and Co said Wednesday that they are merging to form a new retail company called Sears Holdings Corp that will be the US #39; third-largest retailer with about US\$55 billion in annual revenues.
Boston Secures Spot The Red Sox clinch a second straight trip to the playoffs, topping Tampa Bay, 7-3, Monday behind Manny Ramirez's 43rd homer.
Shifting signs in North Korea Kim Jong Il dials back his personality cult as protest activities pick up.
Police use stun gun to subdue T-Wolves #39; Olowokandi Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was arrested early yesterday after police used a stun gun to subdue him when he refused to leave an Indianapolis club.
Vt. sues over importing drugs Vermont's Republican governor challenged the Bush administration's prescription drug policy in federal court yesterday, marking the first time a state has chosen a legal avenue in the expanding battle over Canadian imports.
Ahold to Sell Spain Operations to Permira (AP) AP - The Dutch supermarket retailer Ahold, seeking to streamline global operations and reduce debt, said Sunday it will sell its holdings in Spain to Permira Funds for about  #36;849 million.
EU Head Office Trims 2005 Growth Forecast (AP) AP - The European Union's head office issued a bleak economic report Tuesday, warning that the sharp rise in oil prices will ""take its toll"" on economic growth next year while the euro's renewed climb could threaten crucial exports.
Japanese rescuers grapple with rocks to retrieve girl from quake &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO - Rescuers grappled through mud and rocks for a second day Thursday in the hope of finding a three-year-old girl trapped in a crushed car since Japans killer earthquake last weekend.
Ichiro with 260 hits, Writes First New Chapter in 84 Years Japans  quot;Baseball talent quot; Suzuki Ichiro (31,Seattle Mariners) has leapfrogged 84 years of outdated records of most hits in a season and stepped into the 260-hit peak.
Semiconductor Manufacturing to Boost Capacity by Half (Update2) Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp., China #39;s biggest supplier of made-to-order chips, said its factory capacity will rise by more than half in the second half as the company brings more plants on line.
Gates announces new Windows update tool update Microsoft founder Bill Gates on Tuesday detailed his company #39;s plan for computer management software and announced a long-awaited Windows update tool.
Israel Kills 5 Palestinians in North Gaza -- Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead five  Palestinians in north Gaza on Tuesday after mortar fire from  Palestinian militants wounded two people in a nearby Jewish  settlement, medics on both sides said.
Nothing ventured, nothing at all gained There are two topics most venture capitalists hate to discuss: companies they invested in that tanked, and companies they didn't invest in that soared.
Indian parties among most corrupt in world Washington: India is among the five countries in the world where political parties are seen by the general public as the most corrupt, according to a survey released by the Transparency International (TI).
Caterpillar snaps up another remanufacturer of engines PEORIA - Caterpillar Inc. said Wednesday it will acquire a South Carolina remanufacturer of engines and automatic transmissions, increasing its US employment base by 500 people.
Gates: US Need Not Fear Overseas Tech The United States has nothing to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in China and India, Bill Gates, chairman and chief software architect of Microsoft Corp.
Thomson to Sell Media Group for  #36;350 Mln (Reuters) Reuters - Thomson Corp.  said on Friday it\will sell its media division to investment group Investcorp in\a  #36;350 million cash deal that will tighten its focus on\electronic publishing.
WTO rules against US gambling laws The World Trade Organization says the US ban on cross-border gambling violates international trade laws; the United States said it would appeal.
Sprint To Spend  #36;3 Billion on Network Upgrades (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sprint (NYSE: FON) will spend US #36;3 billion over the next three years to upgrade its U.S. wireless network, including the development of high-speed Internet services.
Coulthard secures Red Bull seat Coulthard, whose McLaren contract expires at the end of this year, tested with the Austrian-owned team in Spain recently, easily outpacing Red Bull hopefuls Christian Klien and Vitantonio Liuzzi.
Coca-Cola will not sell low-carb C2 in UK Coca-Cola has decided not to sell its C2 brand in the UK, one of the company #39;s biggest markets, raising doubts about the future of the mid- calorie soft drink just six months after its launch in North America and Japan.
Tax-Free Bonuses Tagged Out Some taxpayers have been dusting off an old Internal Revenue Service ruling about signing bonuses in baseball contracts and using it to justify skipping payroll taxes and income-tax withholding on signing bonuses generally.
Lippi Wants Azzurri Improvement Italy boss Marcello Lippi is counting in his charges to make the country forget their weekend loss to Slovenia when they face Belarus in UEFA World Cup qualifying action on Wednesday.
Ex-General Has Early Lead Over Megawati in Indonesia  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Early returns in Indonesia's  presidential elections Monday gave a lead to ex-general Susilo  Bambang Yudhoyono, who has vowed firmer leadership to fight  terror and boost the economy, over incumbent Megawati  Sukarnoputri.
Cosatu to meet over conflict with ANC The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) said that it will hold a lunchtime press conference on Tuesday to discuss the controversial public spat between its leader Zwelinzima Vavi and the African National Congress (ANC) national spokesperson
Salesforce.com Launches On-Demand Support System On-demand CRM provider Salesforce.com Wednesday rolled out a parallel service its calling Support.com and aiming at corporations with far-flung call centers, help desks, and on-call technicians.
Two U.S. Soldiers Killed in Iraq Bombings (AP) AP - Two American soldiers were killed and two others were wounded in separate bombings that occurred within hours, the U.S. military said Thursday.
Bush Selects E.P.A. Head to Be Secretary of Health With the selection of Michael O. Leavitt, a former governor of Utah, the shape of the cabinet in President Bush's second term has become clear.
Freddie Mac: Investment Portfolio Grew  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Freddie Mac &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FRE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday  its mortgage investments, or retained portfolio, grew at an  annualized rate of 20.8 percent in July, compared with a 19.4  percent increase in June.
Apple recalls 28,000 batteries APPLE has issued a safety recall for 28,000 batteries for its Powerbook notebooks, saying they posed a potential fire hazard.
ScanSoft to acquire 3 software firms ScanSoft Inc. said it plans three acquisitions. The company will acquire Phonetic Systems Ltd., a provider of automated directory assistance and voice-based programs, for \$35 million in cash, and an additional consideration of up to \$35 million, based on the achievement of performance targets and the potential vesting of a warrant to buy 750,000 common shares. ART Advanced Recognition Technologies ...
Serial HIV Assault Verdict Expected Mon. (AP) AP - A verdict will be announced Monday in the trial of a man charged with intentionally exposing 17 women to HIV, a county judge said.
Judge Orders Halt to YUKOS Unit Auction (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. bankruptcy court on Thursday\stepped into the battle between YUKOS and the Russian\government, issuing an order to block Sunday's auction of the\company's main oil-producing arm for 10 days.
Is King Kahn #39;s reign coming to an end? He is first choice for his club Bayern Munich and used to be an automatic selection for the national team too. But when Germany meets Iran in a friendly this weekend, Kahn is not going to be between the posts.
It #39;s Time for Tech Firms to Bet on Growth Industry leaders have been offering too few innovations and too many marginal upgradesat not-so-marginal prices. There #39;s a joke going around that our lives have become so boring that we #39;ve taken up watching people play cards on TV.
Hu top dog, but more of same for now China #39;s new leader is forging ahead with policies set by Jiang, but trouble with Taiwan looms. BEIJING--Having taken over Sunday as chairman of the ruling Communist Party #39;s
Hudson Traded to Braves (Reuters) Reuters - The Atlanta Braves have acquired\standout righthander Tim Hudson from the Oakland Athletics in\exchange for outfielder Charles Thomas, right-handed pitcher\Juan Cruz and left-handed pitcher Dan Meyer.
Mammoth toxic algae bloom sighted off Washington state coast SEATTLE - A toxic algae bloom 30 miles wide has been detected 15 miles off the northwest coast of Washington state, the largest and most potentially lethal yet found by scientists in the region.
Redknapp and Mandaric clear the air Harry Redknapp maintained on Tuesday that he had nothing to hide from the transfer deals conducted at Portsmouth during his time as manager.
News: Sluggish movement on power grid cyber security Industry cyber security standards fail to reach some of the most vulnerable components of the power grid.\
Everyone wants a piece of Orton Every sports collectible dealer knows the key to profit is getting in early. And the hounds are suddenly on the scent of Kyle Orton.
Microsoft to offer stripped-down XP in India BANGALORE, INDIA -- Microsoft Corp. will introduce the Windows XP Starter Edition in India early next year, the company said Wednesday, two days after announcing similar plans for Russia.
Cash America shuffles assets, sets special dividend WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Cash America International (PWN) said it #39;s reached a deal to acquire privately owned SuperPawn, operator of a 41-store chain of pawn shops in the US including 21 locations in Las Vegas.
Bud Selig Has Skin Cancer Surgery NEW YORK -- Baseball commissioner Bud Selig had surgery Monday to remove a cancerous lesion from his forehead. The lesion was detected last month during Selig #39;s annual physical, and a biopsy confirmed that it contained melanoma, a form of skin cancer.
Thousands Demonstrate in Rome for Italian Hostages (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of Italians marched silently\through Rome in a candlelit procession on Friday to demand the\release of two female aid workers seized in Baghdad.
Gurkhas win citizenship fight The Gurkhas who have served in the British Army have won an historic fight to be allowed to apply for British citizenship. The decision comes after a lengthy fight by the Nepalese soldiers for the right to
Media center at your fingertips Apple #39;s splashy digital music player has emboldened Microsoft and other technology titans to move quickly to the next frontier in portable entertainment: the video iPod, so to speak.
Eisner Says Ovitz Required Oversight Daily Michael D. Eisner appeared for a second day of testimony in the shareholder lawsuit over the lucrative severance package granted to Michael S. Ovitz.
Cingular Sees Merger Savings Above Plan Cingular Wireless, the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier following the company #39;s merger with AT amp;T Wireless, said Wednesday that it has completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now expects merger-related cost savings to exceed prior estimates
Washington chooses a stadium site for Expos The DC Sports and Entertainment Commission outlined its plans Tuesday night in a meeting with city government officials. An official involved in the process, speaking on condition of anonymity, told The Associated
U.S. Forces Kill 50 Sadr Militia in Baghdad Suburb  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces killed more than 50 Shi'ite  militiamen on Wednesday in a significant advance into a Baghdad  suburb that is a powerbase for radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr,  the military said.
TruSecure merges with Betrusted BOSTON - Information security services companies TruSecure Corp. and Betrusted plan to announce on Tuesday that they have merged, forming a new company called Cybertrust.
#39;Do or die #39; for cash-tight Delta Struggling Delta Air Lines #39; latest financials show its cash on hand has dipped below the point where some analysts say it must decide to file for bankruptcy.
Dell: From factory floor to finished gear PC giant also wants to be your supplier of high-end home electronics. Also: How your desktop gets bolted together.
Flying taxis -  quot;within five years quot; British company Avcen, designers of  quot;Jetpod quot; taxi, believe they can offer a flying taxi service within 5 years. The taxi, due to undergo  quot;proof of concept quot; test flights over the next 18 months, cruises to 228m with speeds of up to 350 mph (563 kph).
Rockies Terminate Neagle's Contract (Reuters) Reuters - Colorado terminated the contract\of pitcher Denny Neagle on Monday, three days after he was\ticketed for soliciting a women for oral sex.
UN to begin second airlift of Vietnamese Montagnards (AFP) AFP - The second major airlift of Vietnamese Montagnards who fled to Cambodia's remote jungles after April anti-government protests will begin at the weekend.
Australia cancels 80pc of Iraqi debt Nineteen countries, including Australia, have agreed to cancel 80 per cent of the debt Iraq owes them. The deal secured for the Paris Club of creditor nations ends a trans-Atlantic dispute and probably sets
Bush, Kerry Seek to Claim Victory in Ohio (AP) AP - Chatter about President Bush and Democrat John Kerry was going strong above the whir of spin cycles at the Soapbox laundry, the debate reflecting the presidential race in a must-win state for both candidates.
Sharon orders 1,000 homes in West Bank Israel announced plans for 1,000 houses in the West Bank yesterday, accelerating the expansion of the settlements.
USA searches for winning formula Hal Sutton anticipated the question. He had formulated an answer, too, long before he arrived in that Milwaukee hotel ballroom to announce his captain #39;s picks and finalize the US Ryder Cup team.
#39;Enron of Kansas #39; Trial Begins In the recent annals of corporate fraud, the names Enron, Tyco and WorldCom ring the loudest. But for residents of Topeka, Kan., the former leaders of the local utility company have become just as infamous.
#39;Miracle in mud #39; as four pulled alive from Philippine disaster REAL, Philippines (AFP) - Philippine rescuers were frantically digging for more survivors after four people, including a toddler, were pulled alive from a building crushed by a landslide 11 days ago.
Music file-sharing case heads to high court eeding the pleas of the entertainment industry, the US Supreme Court has agreed to consider calling a halt to Internet file-sharing that allows millions of computer users to obtain free copies of movies and music.
NASA Chief Applies for Job at LSU (AP) AP - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe will resign this week, a government official said Sunday, and a spokesman for Louisiana State University said O'Keefe is a leading candidate to become a chancellor there.
Dow Jones to buy MarketWatch SAN FRANCISCO: MarketWatch Inc, which owns the CBS.MarketWatch.com website, has agreed to be acquired by Dow Jones  amp; Co for US\$520mil, ending a month-long bidding war for the online financial news and information provider.
Former Red left hole struggling bullpen has yet to fill Nearly six months have passed since the Reds traded Chris Reitsma to Atlanta, but Sean Casey still regrets the move.  quot;You look at all the success the Braves
Human Activity to Blame For 2003 Heatwave A previous study at the Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research at the Met Office, demonstrated that large-scale global warming is not a result of urban development.
Trouble in PSP Land November 27, 2004 - Things aren #39;t looking good for the PSP over in Japan. Well... maybe that #39;s not exactly true. If you #39;re Sony, and you want to generate lots of hype for your new portable system, things are looking very good.
Griffin to Anchor D-Line The Redskins expect huge things from 300-pound Cornelius Griffin, who was signed to aid the team's weakest unit - the defensive line.
R.I.P. Gary Webb -- Unembedded Reporter The finest journalist ever to get fired for telling the truth is dead at age 49. The official cause of death on the death certificate will be suicide. But, as we shall see, he had much help getting to that point. The story of the life and death of Gary Webb says much about the state of American politics and what passes as ""journalism"" in today's America.
Attack prompts Bush website block The re-election website of President Bush is blocking overseas visitors because of ""security reasons"".
Congress Asks SEC for Mutual Fund Study  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress asked the  Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday to send  lawmakers a report justifying a new rule forcing mutual fund  boards to have independent chairmen.
THE 35TH RYDER CUP Tiger #39;s Cup doesn #39;t run over with success Bloomfield Township, Mich. -- The Ryder Cup is upon us, and you know what that means: Time to dress up as Mrs. Doubtfire and taunt Colin Montgomerie from behind the ropes?
Delta Aims to Cut Jobs 12, Drop a Hub and Reduce Pay elta Air Lines announced yesterday that it would cut 12 percent of its work force over the next 18 months and said a bankruptcy filing would be  quot;a real possibility quot; as soon as the end
Chinese Mobile Phone Giant to Open Up to 3000 Internet Cafes China #39;s second-largest mobile phone company says it plans to open up to 3,000 Internet cafes by the end of this year. State-controlled China Unicom, which already operates 400 Internet cafes across the country
Pudge, Guillen leave with injuries The Tigers lost both of their All-Stars, shortstop Carlos Guillen and catcher Ivan Rodriguez, to knee injuries on separate plays in Saturday #39;s game against the Twins.
Everton goes second with derby win Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Everton moved up to second place in the Premiership Saturday with a 1-0 win over arch-rival Liverpool at Goodison Park.
Cisco #39;s Q1 Profit Leaps 29 Percent Cisco Systems has reported first-quarter profits of \$1.4 on sales of \$6 billion. Despite cautious spending by its corporate customers, softness in the global economy and a lingering uncertainty over whether
Cubs brushed back Chicago loses wild-card lead after ninth-inning &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Austin Kearns knows he #39;ll be back home in Louisville, Ky., once the regular season ends on Sunday. The Cincinnati Reds outfielder did his best Wednesday to keep the Chicago Cubs
Music lovers can download entire track on their Mobile Phone Here is good news for music lovers! Now you can download the entire track on your mobile phone. This is made possible as two giants US-based Melodeo and Warner Music Group has signed an agreement whereby consumers
Bush Backs US Tariffs on Shrimp Foreign shrimp producers have denied they are selling shrimp at artificially low prices as a way to win a larger share of the US market.
Danish group #39;s gift criticized A Danish group has caused controversy in Colombia by publicly donating money to the country #39;s largest Marxist guerrilla organization.
Trio of New Games Victimized by Piracy DALLAS - A month before the video game #39;s scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title  quot;Halo 2 quot; were already circulating on the Internet.
Lazard adversaries edge closer to a deal Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard, could reach an agreement as early as this week with Michel David-Weill, the chairman, extending the deadline for
China's Red Flag Linux to focus on enterprise Red Flag Software Co., the company behind China's leading Linux client distribution, plans to focus more on its server operating system and enterprise customers, the company's acting president said.
Singapore Air plans \$7.35B Boeing order Singapore Airlines plans to buy up to 31 Boeing long-range 777-300ER planes worth about \$7.35 billion, the carrier said Wednesday.
Desktop Search Avalanche Set to Hit Yahoo, Ask Jeeves, and Microsoft all plan to follow Google to the desktop.
Barca wins again Barcelona has moved 12 points clear at the top of Spain #39;s Primera Liga thanks to a 2-1 win at Albacete. Andres Iniesta put Barca ahead after just two minutes, but when Mark Gonzalez made it 1-1 with 17 minutes
Pension sales help to lift Aviva The UK's biggest insurer unveils better than expected sales figures for the first nine months of the year.
Pakistan Test-Fires Nuclear Missile Pakistan has successfully test fired a medium-range, nuclear-capable missile that could hit most cities in neighbouring India. Defence officials said the exercise was not intended as a message to the South Asian rival.
Shuttle to launch without repair kit? The CAIB report urged NASA to develop a way for astronauts during flight to inspect the orbiter and make emergency repairs to its insulation tiles and reinforced carbon-carbon panels.
Summer Box Office Hits a High, Despite Lows In a summer when many of the studios' biggest bets failed to pay off, it was familiarity in the form of sequels and low-budget comedies that resonated with movie audiences.
Iraqi Leader Thanks U.S. in Speech to Congress Offering a simple, ""Thank you America,"" Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi declared Thursday that his country is succeeding in its effort to move past the war that ousted Saddam Hussein.
Baseballer shot on bus CLEVELAND Indians righthander Kyle Denney was reported to be in a stable condition after being shot in the leg on the team bus yesterday.
A blazing start for Beijing Greece tried to pass the Olympics baton off to Beijing on Sunday night, but it was a tough job. The Chinese are way ahead of the curve already.
Foster, Bender out against Clippers Indiana Pacers center Scot Pollard and forward Jonathan Bender missed Wednesday night #39;s game against the Los Angeles Clippers, adding to the team #39;s injury woes.
Alcoa Shares Fall Most Since April in Europe After Forecast Shares of Alcoa Inc., the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, fell the most in almost five months in Europe after the company said third-quarter profit from continuing operations will be below analysts #39; estimates.
US panel to back oil inventories rethink A US government advisory panel is to recommend a revision to the minimum level of crude inventories required to ensure adequate supplies of crude oil to the nation #39;s refiners to produce gasoline
File-Sharers, the Eyes of Justice Are Upon You President Bush likes to project the swashbuckling image, but this week it was the folks over at the Justice Department who formed the posse to go after the evildoers -- the ones on the Internet.
Large mammals facing the fate of the sabre tooth THE future of the world #39;s large wild mammals is threatened by pressures similar to those that caused the extinction of two-thirds of such species at the end of the most recent Ice Age.
Poll cost us victory - Cech Referee Graham Poll came under renewed fire today as goalkeeper Petr Cech blamed him for costing Chelsea victory at Highbury by allegedly reneging on a promise to blow his whistle before Thierry Henrys free-kick.
Sadr Aide Tells Iraq Militia to Cease Fire -TV A top aide to Iraq #39;s rebel Shi #39;ite leader Muqtada al-Sadr Monday called on the Mehdi Army militia to cease fire across Iraq and said Sadr was preparing to announce plans for a major political program.
Windows-Based Treo On the Way? Earlier today, Engadget broke the story that PalmONE might be looking at possibly making a Windows-based Treo. Not dumping the PalmSource Treo #39;s that run PalmOS, merely adding to the line.
Labour delegates force Iraq vote Iraq is chosen for a vote at Labour conference but Tony Blair says he will not apologise for the war.
Report: E-voting problems cause loss of votes E-voting machine problems caused more than 4,500 votes to be lost in one North Carolina county during Tuesday's general election, and gave U.S. President George Bush more than 3,800 extra votes in Ohio, according to The Associated Press.
US hostage killed by Iraqi captors A US hostage being held with Briton Ken Bigley has been killed by his captors. US officials said the body of Eugene Armstrong had been found.
Closer Percival OKs \$12M Deal With Tigers Detroit Tigers relief pitcher Troy Percival speaks to the media after a news conference in Detroit, Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004. Percival and the Tigers agreed on a \$12 million, two-year contract.
Stocks Higher on Drop in Jobless Claims A sharp drop in initial unemployment claims and bullish forecasts from Nokia and Texas Instruments sent stocks higher in early trading Thursday.
Intel Outlook May Portend PC Weakness  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Intel Corp's &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; sharp cut in its  revenue outlook dragged down shares of personal computer makers  on Friday, on fears that the chipmaker's problems could signal  weak PC markets, analysts said.
Chicago Bears Cut Bryan Robinson LAKE FOREST, Ill. -- Veteran defensive lineman Bryan Robinson (pictured) was among 21 players cut Sunday as the Chicago Bears pared their roster to 53.
Retailers Vie for Back-To-School Buyers (Reuters) Reuters - Apparel retailers are hoping their\back-to-school fashions will make the grade among\style-conscious teens and young adults this fall, but it could\be a tough sell, with students and parents keeping a tighter\hold on their wallets.
Vodafone begins 3G service Vodafone launches its third-generation services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads and games.
US raids Net song swappers US agents have raided the homes of five people who allegedly traded hundreds of thousands of songs, movies and other copyrighted material over the Internet, Attorney General John Ashcroft says.
Asia to outperform this year, lower growth seen in 2005: ADB (AFP) AFP - Developing Asia is set to outperform this year with higher-than-expected growth of 7.0 percent despite high oil prices but it will slow in 2005 in tandem with the developed world, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) said.
Intel to delay product aimed for high-definition TVs SAN FRANCISCO -- In the latest of a series of product delays, Intel Corp. has postponed the launch of a video display chip it had previously planned to introduce by year end, putting off a showdown with Texas Instruments Inc. in the fast-growing market for high-definition television displays.
Piracy crackdown yields \$2.2 million The Business Software Alliance collects out-of-court settlements from companies that violated copyright rules.
Go save Hubble NASA should use the space shuttle and spacewalking astronauts to mount one last repair flight to the Hubble Space Telescope, and extend the life of one of the greatest scientific instruments ever made.
Envoy fears Darfur talks failure KEY talks between the government of Sudan and rebels in the troubled Darfur region tomorrow could fail because of a new surge of violence, the UN #39;s envoy to the country said.
Bonds getting better with age Barry Bonds continues to defy the odds, and at 40 years of age he is still easily the most dominant hitter in Major League Baseball.
Australia Babcock  amp; Brown To Pursue Listed Investment Co SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Babcock  amp; Brown Ltd. (BNB.AU) said Monday it plans to raise as much as A\$1 billion for an externally managed investment company to target long-term investments.
British industry at best in 10 years Manufacturing industry is enjoying its strongest performance for almost 10 years, according to a survey by the Engineering Employers Federation.
Royal Wedding Lures International Media To Brunei Bandar Seri Begawan - Bruneis Royal Wedding between His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Haji Al-Mutahdee Billah and Yang Mulia Dayangku Sarah binti Pengiran Salleh Ab Rahaman has attracted some 170 foreign journalists to the Sultanate.
RTX Provides Cordless Phones for Net-Based Calls  COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish electronics equipment maker  RTX Telecom &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RTX.CO qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;RTX.CO&lt;/A&gt; said on Monday it had signed an agreement  with Skype, a provider of Internet-based voice telephony, to  develop and market cordless handsets.
Gunners Ready for Tough Test Fredrik Ljungberg admits Rosenborg have exceeded expectations in the Champions League, but is looking to put one over on his Scandinavian cousins tonight.
Bryant clinches maiden win Bart Bryant clinched his first PGA Tour title with a three-shot victory in the Texas Open in San Antonio. The 41-year-old, who shot a 60 in his third round to move into a three-stroke lead, hit a final-round 67 to hold off Patrick Sheehan.
More Evidence for Past Water on Mars Summary - (Aug 22, 2004) NASA #39;s Spirit rover has dug up plenty of evidence on slopes of  quot;Columbia Hills quot; that water once covered the area.
Briefly: Akamai boosts Web application services roundup Plus: Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung...RIM touts BlackBerry with Wi-Fi...HP to sell Voltaire's InfiniBand switch.
FEC Wants Campaign Finance Decision Stayed (AP) AP - Federal election officials have asked a judge to stay a ruling striking down several government regulations on political fund raising, arguing that rules interpreting the nation's campaign finance law are crucial as the election approaches.
No. 6 Syracuse Crushes N. Colo. 104-54 Syracuse #39;s Hakim Warrick dunks against Northern Colorado during the first half in Syracuse, NY, Thursday, Nov. 11, 2004. (AP Photo/Kevin Rivoli).
Cisco launches equipment leasing arm in India as it eyes booming IT market (AFP) AFP - US computer networking giant Cisco's Indian subsidiary announced the launch of a leasing arm to grab a slice of the growing domestic IT market.
Steelers #39; Burress won #39;t return against Giants Thursday, he took himself out of consideration during a conversation with Pittsburgh Steelers trainer John Norwig.  quot;When I #39;m running full speed and make a little move, I still feel it a little bit, quot; Burress said of his hamstring.
Gibbs doubts Skins were tipping plays If the Cleveland Browns knew what plays the Washington Redskins were going to run before the ball was snapped Sunday, a review of the game tape 24 hours later revealed scant evidence of it.
Cold War deserter jailed after 40 years The long, strange journey of Charles Robert Jenkins reached a tearful climax with a 30-day sentence in a military prison and a dishonourable discharge from the United States Army he deserted for North Korea almost 40 years ago.
Death Toll 69 in Japan Typhoon, 19 Still Missing  TOKYO (Reuters) - As the death toll rose from Japan's  deadliest typhoon in two decades, experts warned on Friday that  climate change could bring a stormier future.
Marsh to Scrap Fees Spitzer Faulted (Reuters) Reuters - Marsh   McLennan Cos. , the\world's largest insurance broker, said on Tuesday it would\reform its business practices and stop accepting fees at the\center of an investigation by New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer into bid rigging.
Marsh says Putnam isn't on block Officials of embattled Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. yesterday moved to squelch speculation that its Boston money management firm, Putnam Investments, will be divorced from its corporate parent, either in a sale to an outside buyer or through a private buyout engineered by Putnam executives.
Bush Signs Into Law Debt Ceiling Increase &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Friday signed intolaw a measure authorizing an \$800 billion increase in thecredit limit of the United States, the White House said.&lt;/p&gt;
SpaceShipOne,take two The SpaceShipOne team will attempt to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday, the 47th anniversary of the start of the first space race when the Soviet Union launched its Sputnik satellite.
NHL Must Determine if It Is Certain About Cost Certainty After Gary Bettman was introduced as the commissioner of the National Hockey League 12 years ago, he was handed a fax from Bob Goodenow, the executive director of the players association.
Phillies to interview Russell for vacant manager job Former Philadelphia Phillies catcher John Russell will be the seventh person to interview for the team #39;s vacant managerial position.
IBM Unveils New Storage Technology IBM recently unveiled the TotalStorage DS6000, a roughly VCR-size system aimed at mid-size businesses. The new DS8000 series system features IBM Power5 microprocessors and IBM #39;s Virtualization
Putin Says Plane Crashes Involved Terrorists Linked to Al-Qaeda Russian President Vladimir Putin today said the explosions that brought down two airliners in Russia a week ago were the work of terrorists linked to the al- Qaeda terrorist network.
Tar Heels beat Miami For the second time this month, UNC football fans had something to celebrate. In a stunning upset, the Tar Heels beat Miami 31 to 28.
Schedule filled with key games Supernatural forces must be at work in the land of high school football. There's no other way to explain a schedule that features 12 games between first- and second-place teams of leagues this weekend.
Arafat nephew set to pick up medical chart PARIS - Nasser al-Kidwa, nephew of the deceased Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, arrived in Paris from Cairo Sunday to pick up a copy of Arafat #39;s medical records.
Britain Agrees to Redeploy Troops Britain agreed Thursday to meet a U.S. request for British troops to be moved into volatile central Iraq, a proposal that has met strong opposition within the governing Labour Party.
The Handbag? Total Knockoff. The Price Tag? All Too Real. It is as much a rite of the New York holiday season as sidewalk Santas or crowded Fifth Avenue sidewalks: the proliferation of hawkers selling counterfeit products like the fake Fendi handbag, the replica Rolex watch and the pirated DVD.
LSE says no to German exchange for a second time LONDON (CBS.MW) - Failed efforts to merge stock exchanges have littered the trading landscape in recent years, but the German stock exchange isn #39;t giving up on creating a pan-European and British market for trading stocks and derivatives.
Yukos bosses in exile, its survival in doubt Russian oil company Yukos, with shares near all-time lows and its bosses in exile, warned last night it is being driven toward bankruptcy.
Safin stops Youzhny for China Open title Marat Safin won the China Open yestereday, beating fellow Russian Mikhail Youzhny, 7-6 (4), 7-5, to claim his first title in two years.
Pharma Groups Work on EPC Issues Sept. 30, 2004Reacting to calls from pharmaceutical retailers, distributors and manufacturers, EPCglobal has added a new action group to specifically study the pharmaceutical industry
Icahn Takes The High River NEW YORK - Why has Carl Icahn set his sights on the relatively insignificant Mylan Laboratories, a generic drug company with just \$1.5 billion in sales and a \$4.3 billion market cap?
Rockets' McGrady Puts on Memorable Finish (AP) AP - Tracy McGrady needed only 35 seconds to turn a sure loss into an improbable win and a listless 20-point night into one of the league's most memorable clutch performances.
MLB: NY Yankees 7, Minnesota 6 (12 inn.) Hideki Matsui drove in Derek Jeter with a 12th-inning sacrifice fly Wednesday night, giving the New York Yankees a dramatic, 7-6 win over Minnesota.
Alaska #39;s summer tourism pegged at 1.4 million visitors The number of summer visitors to Alaska rose from the year before, prompting the president of the Alaska Travel Industry Association to say tourism appeared to be back on track since leveling off after the 2001 terrorist attacks.
Judge Weighs Evidence in IBM, SCO Case IBM attorneys argued that Utah-based SCO Group has failed to provide any evidence that IBM allowed proprietary Unix code to enter the freely distributed Linux operating system and its \$5 billion suit making that claim should be dismissed.
Stern to Join Sirius Satellite Radio NEW YORK - Howard Stern has long had two words for the Federal Communications Commission - and in 15 months, he can finally utter them on the air.    The self-proclaimed ""King of All Media,"" perhaps the most influential radio voice of the last 20 years, is shifting his salacious act to satellite radio and freeing himself from the increasingly harsh glare of federal regulators...
Arafat was not poisoned Paris - Doctors who treated Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat believe he died of a blood condition called disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and have ruled out poisoning, Le Monde newspaper reported on Wednesday.
EU to Pursue Legal Action Against Greece BRUSSELS, Belgium -- The European Union #39;s executive commission said Wednesday it would open legal proceedings against Greece for its sloppy bookkeeping and underreporting its budget deficit by billions of euros between 1997 and 2003.
Islamic threaten women #39;s soccer tournament in Bangladesh The organizers of Bangladesh #39;s first women #39;s soccer tournament promised to keep playing despite protests by a Muslim group that called the event  quot;indecent and against Islamic norms quot;.
Study: CEOs rewarded for outsourcing NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The CEOs of the top 50 US companies that sent service jobs overseas pulled down far more pay than their counterparts at other large companies last year, a study said Tuesday.
Toile Gets A Makeover The traditional pattern shakes its fussy image as designers give it a new look
F1 power struggle now in session. The legal battle for control of Formula One gets underway in earnest today, with Bernie Ecclestone and the three German banks that make up the major shareholding in the sport going to court to decide who has the right to power.
Oil price rise adds to airlines woes as losses continue The global airline industry is forecast to have made net losses of \$4.8bn this year, as the rise in the oil price has overwhelmed efforts by carriers to cut costs.
Oil Steady as Winter Worries Stem Decline  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices were steady on Thursday as  concern over lean heating fuel supplies in the United States  and Europe ahead of winter stemmed falls of nearly \$10 since  late October.
Vendors Upgrade Development Tools OCTOBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM and Borland Software Corp. last week separately brought out upgrades to their development tool lines that executives said add support for heterogeneous environments and
IBM to use dual-core Opteron Big Blue will use AMD's chip in a high-performance server but isn't yet planning a general-purpose Opteron system.
Nevadans to benefit from sales tax deduction #39;s return WASHINGTON -- Gaylyn Spriggs can remember two decades back when she would keep every grocery and department store receipt in a shoebox on a closet shelf.
AL Wrap: Ortiz Fuels Red Sox Fire as Blue Jays Go Down  TORONTO (Reuters) - David Ortiz thumped two homers and  drove in four runs to fire the Boston Red Sox to an 11-5 win  over the Toronto Blue Jays in the American League Wednesday.
Panama Assures Rumsfeld on Canal Security  PANAMA CITY, Panama (Reuters) - Panama's security chief  told Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Saturday the Central  American nation was working to prevent any terror attack that  might close the Panama Canal.
US Stocks Flat;Investors Await Intel,Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Thursday, pausing after Wednesday's sharp rally, as investors  were reluctant to wade into the market before Intel's  mid-quarter update after the close and Friday's jobs report.
Iranian bill backs nuclear drive has passed a bill obliging the government to continue efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme. Uranium enrichment can be used both for nuclear power and to make atomic bombs.
Forest Says Drug Trial Misses Goal Forest Laboratories Inc. (FRX) on Tuesday said its experimental hypertension drug failed to meet all its goals in an effectiveness study, an outcome that will delay development and may lead to a new trial.
Citigroup #39;s Krawcheck Named Finance, Strategy Chief (Update2) Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s biggest bank, named Sallie Krawcheck chief financial officer and head of strategy, making her the highest-ranking woman on Wall Street and giving her responsibilities outside the brokerage industry.
Court ruling has fat cats purring THE future of horseracing in Britain was thrown into confusion this week as a result of a judgment by the European Court of Justice.
Florida, Alabama pick up the pieces after Ivan People in Florida and Alabama have started to clean up after hurricane Ivan - the third such pummelling for Florida alone in just five weeks.
Video: Taking It with You What kind of things do you want to be truly portable? That #39;s become an interesting question now that so much is digital in our lives.
Reuters Poll: Bush Keeps Three-Point Lead on Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush holds a slim\three-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry one week\before the Nov. 2 presidential election, according to a\Reuters/Zogby poll released on Tuesday.
Dead Iraqi #39;s Family Wins Demand for UK Abuse Probe In a test case over British troops #39; alleged abuse of Iraqi civilians, a London court on Tuesday backed demands for an independent inquiry into claims a Basra hotel worker was beaten to death by UK soldiers.
Kerry to hunt for male US votes as Bush courts Catholics (AFP) AFP - US Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will switch to macho politics when he makes an atypical hunting trip to rural Ohio in a bid to woo traditionalist male voters, while President George W. Bush courts Catholics in Pennsylvania less than two week before election day.
Parts pinch shuts down Ford plant Workers at the Ford plant in Hapeville are getting a second unexpected day off during the dog days of summer. The company has stopped assembly-line production at the plant today because of a continued parts shortage, a Ford official said.
Heathrow refuellers to push ahead with strike plans Aircraft refuellers at Heathrow Airport have vowed to push ahead with strike plans this weekend, potentially disrupting flights, after last-ditch pay talks collapsed, their union says.
Cisco #39;s SMB Goods Cisco Systems is accelerating its push into the SMB market with the launch this week of entry-level switching modules, an aggregation switch and a Web-based management tool that helps smaller customers gain easier access to high-level features.
Sun previews next version of Java Sun Microsystems on Monday night posted a prerelease, ""snapshot"" version of Java 2 Standard Edition 6.0, code-named Mustang, which represents the next generation of the Java platform.
iPod Comparison Newsday #146;s Stephen Williams reports on seeing Sony #146;s NW-HD1 audio player in a store:  #147; #145;How #146;s it compare to the iPod? #146; I asked a salesman.  #145;Battery life is a lot longer, up to 30 hours, #146; he said.  #145;The LCD readout is kind of dim, #146; I said.   #146;Battery life is a lot longer, #146; he said.  #145;I understand it can #146;t play MP3 files, #146; I said.  #145;Battery life is a lot longer, #146; he said. #148; Aug 17
Argentina Beats U.S. Men's Basketball Team Argentina defeated the United States team of National Basketball Association stars 89-81 here Friday in the Olympic semi-finals, dethroning the three-time defending champions.
Pioneer replaces plasma TV power supplies Certain Pioneer TVs have a faulty power supply. An upgrade is available.
Australia, US seal free trade agreement (AFP) AFP - Australia and the United States sealed a free trade agreement to start January 1, 2005 after clearing last-minute obstacles.
You Say Sell, I Say Potato Disgruntled shareholders file suit to force talks with Oracle while PeopleSoft's two largest shareholders agree to disagree.
Hornets' Davis Sidelined with Back Injury  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - New Orleans Hornets guard  Baron Davis did not make the trip to Milwaukee for Saturday's  game against the Bucks because of a strained lower back.
Melrose comes up short Melrose entered its Thanksgiving Day matchup with Wakefield as an undefeated powerhouse bound for the postseason. But Wakefield has tripped up the Red Raiders in recent years -- and yesterday was no exception.
Monti gives Abbey takeover green light European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti has given the green light to the UK8.75bn takeover bid by Spain #39;s Santander for the UK #39;s Abbey National.
Peace delegation leaves Najaf empty-handed as fighting continues BAGHDAD, Iraq - A national political conference #39;s bid to end the fighting in the Shiite Muslim holy city of Najaf appeared to have failed Tuesday.
Beyond solar system, planets that look familiar The universe looked a little more familiar and friendlier on Tuesday. The roll call of planets beyond the solar system swelled significantly with the announcement of a trio of newly discovered worlds much
N. Koreans Seek Asylum in Beijing Twenty-nine people believed to be North Koreans have entered a South Korean school in Beijing, apparently seeking asylum. Diplomats say the group, including two children, entered the school early Friday.
Hackers Target Flaw in Microsoft's JPEG NEW YORK (AP) -- In a harbinger of security threats to come, hackers have exploited a newly announced flaw in Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) programs and begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format...
Tropical Storm Jeanne Kills 250 in Northern Haiti, UN Reports Tropical Storm Jeanne killed at least 250 people and injured at least 380 in northern Haiti, the United Nations said. UN spokeswoman Denise Cook said the bodies of 250 people were in
Pedro Waits to Learn of Yankees' Interest (AP) AP - With an offer in hand from the New York Mets, Pedro Martinez will wait to see what the New York Yankees do before deciding where he'll play next year.
Bullying ZCU is cleared of racism WHILE Zimbabwe #39;s international playing future hangs in the balance, the Zimbabwe Cricket Union has been cleared of racism by the International Cricket Council.
Canada defends submarine fleet Canada has defended its decision to buy second-hand submarines after a crewman died from injuries sustained on one of the vessels that had broken down.
Consumer prices up only slightly WASHINGTON - Consumer prices barely budged last month, suggesting that inflation isn #39;t currently a problem for the economy and Federal Reserve policymakers can stick with a gradual approach to raising interest rates.
Late fumble dooms Purdue WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- Scott Starks returned a fumble by Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton 40 yards for a touchdown in the closing minutes to lift 10th-ranked Wisconsin to a 20-17 win over No. 5 Purdue yesterday.
Toshiba claims Hollywood backing in war for next DVD standard (AFP) AFP - Toshiba said four major Hollywood studios had thrown their crucial weight behind High Definition DVD (HD-DVD), one of two disc formats contending to be the standard in next-generation DVDs.
Hockey Labor Talks Broken Off TORONTO -- National Hockey League labor talks came to a halt Tuesday after each side rejected the other #39;s proposal. The talks lasted more than three hours, with the league making a one-hour presentation on
Sub flees after navy chase The fragile relations between Tokyo and Beijing were further weakened yesterday when a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine was chased out of Japanese territorial waters.
U.S. Gymnasts Win 3 Medals; Hamm Angry (AP) AP - Terin Humphrey and Annia Hatch got silver. Courtney Kupets got bronze. And Paul Hamm got mad. The United States upped its gymnastics medal haul to seven Sunday night, the most since the Americans won 16 at the boycotted Los Angeles Games in 1984. And they might not be finished yet.
OU puts exclamation point on season No apologies, no justifications, no excuses necessary. Oklahoma isn #39;t slinking into the BCS championship game through the back door this year.
SAN FRANCISCO Mission District cyclist blew whistle on flawed lock The triumph last week of the Bic pen over expensive, state-of-the-art steel locks has panicked the bicycling community, and churned Internet rumor mills about how much the lock manufacturer knew and when the company knew it.
Yahoo and SBC extend partnership and plan new services Yahoo and SBC Communications have agreed to collaborate to extend some of the online services and content they currently provide to PC users to mobile phones and home entertainment devices.
AMP shrugs off British debacle Australian insurer AMP returned to the black in the first half of the year with net profits of A\$378m (150m) after a disastrous foray into Britain pushed it A\$2.16 billion into the red last year.
U.S. Stocks End Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday  as investors snapped up semiconductor shares at bargain prices  and bought some blue chips after crude oil retreated from  record high prices.
Chip power, times 10 IBM, Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. on Monday unveiled some key details on the powerful new  quot;Cell quot; processor the three are jointly producing to run next-generation computers, game consoles and TVs.
Broker Downgrades Sink Medtronic  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday sank 7 percent to their lowest level in more than  three months after the medical device maker posted  weaker-than-expected growth in one of its key business units,  sparking at least three broker downgrades.
UN, ending mission, says some human rights improvement Sudan's Darfur region (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Security has improved inside camps in Sudan's violence-torn Darfur region, but displaced villagers still face attacks and abuse when leave the camps, a United Nations team said Saturday, wrapping up a mission that could determine whether Sudan is hit with international sanctions.
With a Rookie Quarterback in the N.F.L., Call It in the Air Debuts are rarely pretty, especially for rookies such as Giants quarterback Eli Manning, who will make his first start Sunday.
Oxford 18 Cambridge 11 Replacement winger Ross Lavery scored the decisive try just two minutes from time as Oxford finally justified the favourites tag they had carried into each of the last three matches.
This week in the state Legislature The Senate is expected to vote on the overall \$3.3 billion spending plan for the state Department of Transportation, which supports state and local highway programs, public transportation programs and department administration (House Bill 5528).
Israel resumes Gaza pull-out debate Israeli MPs have resumed a debate on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan, which is expected to culminate in a historic vote in favour of a pull-out of troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip.
Nortel financial filings could be delayed into 2005 Less than a week after it launched a media blitz to boost its image, Nortel Networks Ltd. postponed yet again the release of its financial statements, underlining the company #39;s challenges to steer out of the
Malaysia expects to resume poultry exports to Singapore soon By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Malaysia Correspondent Melissa Goh. KUALA LUMPUR : Malaysia expects to resume export of poultry and eggs from two states to Singapore by the end of this month but only after meeting conditions set by the island.
Ukraine Officials Fail to Vote on Reforms (AP) AP - Lawmakers fought over and failed to pass legal reforms aimed at ensuring a fair rematch of Ukraine's fraudulent presidential runoff, accusing each other Tuesday of acting in bad faith as several thousand orange-clad protesters besieged parliament and chanted, ""Parasites! Parasites!""
Seattle Mariners Minor League Report - August 23rd TACOMA RAINIERS - The Rainiers just missed a perfect week when they suffered their only setback on Sunday August 22nd, a 13-6 loss to the Portland Beavers.
Munch masterpiece 'The Scream' stolen from Oslo museum (AFP) AFP - A version of Edvard Munch's masterpiece ""The Scream"" and another famous painting by the great Norwegian artist were stolen from an Oslo museum by armed and hooded robbers, police said.
Photo: Gap's gadget garment Clothing retailer's new high-tech kids' fleece comes with a built-in radio.
Iran Sees No Reason for Iraq Summit (AP) AP - There is no reason to hold a meeting of Iraq's neighbors planned for this week in Amman, an Iranian envoy said Monday in a further sign of strained relations following accusations by Jordan's King Abdullah that Tehran wanted to influence the Iraqi elections.
Earthquake Rocks Indonesia's Bali, One Dead  BALI, Indonesia (Reuters) - A powerful earthquake rocked  Indonesia's premier tourist island of Bali Wednesday, killing  one person, injuring at least two and triggering some panic,  officials said.
Polese steps into open-source fray Former Sun and Marimba executive Kim Polese takes the helm of SpikeSource, a start-up which will offer services around open source software.
Lexmark recalls 40,000 printers Lexmark International Inc. recalled 39,431 printers from the market on Tuesday, according to a statement by Consumer Product Safety Commission.
U.N. Agency Sees No Rapid Development of El Nino (Reuters) Reuters - Fears of a new El Nino, a phenomenon\that brings extreme weather patterns, are unfounded despite\unusual ocean temperatures which often herald the devastating\weather anomaly, the World Meteorological Organization said\Thursday.
Ljubicic Downs Hanescu at Open De Moselle Top-seeded Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia beat Victor Hanescu of Romania 6-4, 6-4 Tuesday in the first round of the Open de Moselle.
FDA Approves Lens Implant to Sharpen Sight WASHINGTON - There's a new option for people who suffer from extreme nearsightedness, whose world loses its crisp edge just a few inches from their noses. The first implantable lens for nearsightedness was approved Monday by the Food and Drug Administration...
Panis to Retire from Formula One at End of 2004  LONDON (Reuters) - France's Olivier Panis will retire from  Formula One at the end of the 2004 season, his team Toyota said  on Thursday.
NFL Wrap: Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Overcome Titans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and  two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve  McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans  31-17 in National Football League play at Nashville on Sunday.
Hanover Striker Mathis to Return to US Hanover 96 striker Clint Mathis is to return to the United States after only a year in the Bundesliga, the German club said Tuesday.
Owen fitness holds the key Michael Owen will have one last chance to prove his fitness - and possibly determine which formation England will employ against Wales on Saturday.
PeopleSoft Plays Defense The business software maker inks a deal with IBM, but it isn't likely to dissuade Oracle.
Eagles Bring Back Levens; Place Andrews on IR (Reuters) Reuters - The Philadelphia Eagles\made several roster moves on Tuesday, including bringing back\Dorsey Levens and placing Shawn Andrews on injured reserve.
Kashmir separatist chief arrested Kashmir separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani is prevented from leading a protest against allleged rapes by an Indian army officer.
Final Round in Cable-ISP Fight The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to hear whether cable operators must give access to their lines to third-party ISPs. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
In China's changing society, psychotherapy gains acceptance BEIJING -- Step back, Confucius. Move over, Mao. Dr. Freud is making the rounds. Once vilified by the communists as a remnant of bourgeois imperialism, the practice of psychology -- and especially the Western ritual of going to a therapist -- is gaining popularity in this country of budding capitalists.
Calif. OKs World's Toughest Smog Rules LOS ANGELES - California air regulators Friday unanimously approved the world's most stringent rules to reduce auto emissions that contribute to global warming - a move that could affect car and truck buyers from coast to coast.    Under the regulations, the auto industry must cut exhaust from cars and light trucks by 25 percent and from larger trucks and sport utility vehicles by 18 percent...
America West Backs Away From ATA Bid America West Airlines backed away Thursday from a potential bidding war for bankrupt ATA Airlines, paving the way for AirTran to take over ATA operations.
Ellison: Data Hubs Could #39;ve Prevented 9/11 SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle CEO Larry Ellison is convinced that had the intelligence community used a unified database from Oracle, the terrorist attacks on 9/11 would never have happened.
Google Stumbles With New Desktop Tool Google wants to help you effectively access the piles of information you store in the documents, e-mail messages, Web pages, and contact lists stuffed on your PC.
'Wrong kind of fall' for Castro The US declines to wish Fidel Castro a speedy recovery after he fractures bones in a fall at a public ceremony.
Delaney keen to  quot;put things right quot; Mark Delaney wants Aston Villa to  quot;stamp their authority on midlands football quot; by finally overcoming Birmingham in Sunday #39;s derby.
Space O2 Generator Fails Again Repairs to the oxygen generator onboard the International Space Station seemed to work, but then failed the following day. Astronauts are again limited to backup oxygen supplies. By Amit Asaravala.
Stanley set sights on Elland Road for casino Stanley Leisure plc has announced a Stanley Casinos Limited plan to develop a casino complex on land adjacent to Leeds United #39;s Elland Road stadium.
Sudan remains defiant as time starts to run out BRITAIN has warned Sudan that it still has a lot of work to do to satisfy the international community that it is tackling what the United Nations has described as the worlds worst humanitarian crisis.
Sudan Says U.N. Sanctions Would Destroy Society  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan said Saturday that U.N.  sanctions, threatened over atrocities in the Darfur region,  would lead ""this society to a complete destruction.""
Triathlon: Double for Kiwis in toughest of events NEW ZEALAND scored an unprecedented Olympic double in the men #39;s triathlon yesterday when Hamish Carter no cigar for guessing his roots beat his compatriot, reigning world champion Bevan Docherty, by 7.87 seconds, writes Doug Gillon.
Verizon Wireless Buys NextWave Licenses (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Verizon Wireless is adding to its considerable spectrum holdings with the proposed acquisition of airwaves owned by NextWave Telecom. Under terms of the agreement, Verizon will pay US #36;3 billion for NextWave's PCS spectrum licenses in 23 U.S. markets.
Super Bowl Advertisers Still in the Game After Scandal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advertisers may have been bitten once  by an indecency scandal at the 2004 Super Bowl, but they are  not shy about getting back into the game for the next U.S.  football championship.
76ers 114, Wizards 107 Marc Jackson scored 12 of his 21 points in the final 31/2 minutes and the Philadelphia 76ers capped their first training camp at Duke University with a 114-107 victory over the Washington Wizards on Tuesday night.
Phone fight against home violence A campaign begins to collect old mobile phones and convert them into alarms for women who are attacked in the home.
Sony and Samsung to Cross-License Patents Sony Corp. and Samsung Electronics said on Tuesday they had agreed to share patents on basic technology to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing number of cross-border patent disputes.
Google launches mobile messaging service Putting some truth to the rampant rumours that Google was getting into the instant messaging business, the company has announced the beta test release of Google SMS, the mobile phone equivalent of IM.
Notebook: Bears #39; Urlacher to miss 4-6 weeks Just when their defense was playing at a high level and sparking a three-game winning streak, the Chicago Bears lost standout linebacker Brian Urlacher.
Britain: Body Isn't Kidnapped Aid Worker (AP) AP - A mutilated body found in Iraq is not that of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan, the British government said Wednesday. But the Foreign Office said it continued to believe Hassan had been murdered, although the evidence was not conclusive.
Hurricane Ivan Batters Grand Cayman GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan battered the Cayman Islands with ferocious 150-mph winds Sunday, threatening a direct hit as it flooded homes and ripped up roofs and trees three stories high.    Ivan has killed at least 60 people as it has torn a path of destruction across the Caribbean and was headed next for western Cuba, where it was expected to hit Monday, and could brush the Florida Keys and parts of Florida's Gulf Coast...
CRN INTERVIEW: JOHN FOWLER, SUN Sun #39;s Fowler: Rising Sales While Hewlett-Packard, Dell and IBM are the recognized leaders of the X86 server market, one player has surprisingly begun to gain ground.
US Sprinter Pulled From Relay for Marijuana Violation Less than two hours before the Olympic men #39;s 400-meter relay semifinal on Friday, the United States Coach George Williams pulled John Capel from the race after being told by
ACLU Seeks to Challenge Gay Adoption Ban (AP) AP - The American Civil Liberties Union asked the Supreme Court on Friday to hear its challenge to Florida's ban on adoptions by gays.
Knee surgery for Falcons #39; Duckett CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Atlanta Falcons running back TJ Duckett is expected to undergo minor arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Tuesday, so will miss this Saturday #39;s contest versus Carolina.
Dollar Drops Further as Central Banks Reassess Reserves The falling dollar reached new depths against the euro today as the dollar's status as the premier international reserve currency is growing more precarious.
Partnership Connects Wi-Fi Users In The Sky Wi-Fi is going sky-high thanks to a deal forged between enterprise Internet service provider iPass and Connexion by Boeing. Under the deal, iPass #39;s 528,000-plus Wi-Fi enterprise customers will
Super powers make move on September BUOYED by ever-increasing crowd figures and television ratings, rugby union yesterday announced a significant expansion of the southern hemisphere season which includes an assault on the traditional September AFL and NRL finals series.
FDA OKs Kit Used with Hemophilia Therapy  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wyeth Pharmaceuticals said on Monday it  received U.S. regulatory approval for a kit designed to help  patients with the blood disorder hemophilia get regular  treatments more quickly and safely.
Lycos, spammers trade blows over screen saver DECEMBER 02, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Lycos Europe NV is caught in a tit-for-tat struggle with spammers just days after releasing a free screen saver program that uses computer downtime to swamp Web sites associated with spam campaigns.
Citrix buying VPN company Net6 for \$50 million BOSTON - Citrix Systems is buying Net6, a privately-held maker of SSL (Secure Socket Layer) VPN (Virtual Private Network) technology, for \$50 million cash, Citrix said Tuesday.
With Ban Pending, Hamilton Loses Ride Tyler Hamilton, who won an Olympic gold medal for the United States in Athens, was fired last Thursday by Phonak, his Swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for illegal blood transfusions.
Putin the power broker Last Wednesday, at the stroke of noon, one of the most lucrative prizes in Russia #39;s oil industry went under the hammer. Russia #39;s Federal Property Fund, which controls sales of state assets, auctioned a 7.6
Australia establish 300-run lead in third India Test (AFP) AFP - Australia batted cautiously in their second innings to build a lead of 300 runs over India with nine wickets in hand in the third cricket Test here.
Biffle Bests Mears Greg Biffle wins a nearly race-long duel with Casey Mears, pulling away over the last two laps to win the NASCAR Busch Series race Saturday at California Speedway.
Oil prices close to record highs Oil prices hover just below Monday's record peaks in Asian trade, amid continued concerns over global supply shortages.
Local group joins suit to de-list endangered species Bob Briggs wifes family has owned about 1,000 acres of redwood forest off Waddell Creek since 1913. He doesnt clearcut, and logs about once a decade.
Kashmir Talks: Failure Could be Fatal GIVEN their sordid 58 year-long history, its easy enough to sink into pessimism when discussing India-Pakistan relations. The just-concluded first round of comprehensive talks between the
NetApp CEO: No Storage Spending Shortfall (TechWeb) TechWeb - Customers are decoupling storage from server purchases, which explains why EMC and NetApp earnings were up and why Sun and HP were flat or down, Warmenhoven says.
Kidnapped Italian freed in southern Philippines (AFP) AFP - An Italian aid worker walked free from the southern Philippines jungle, a day after he was abducted by local gunmen.
Bush defends tax cuts WASHINGTON, Oct 2 (AFP) - US President George W. Bush said Saturday he would renew some of the huge tax cuts that form a cornerstone of his economic rejuvenation policy and chided Democratic challenger John Kerry for opposing the cuts.
Oil Edges Down, Microsoft Boosts Techs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices touched 2-month lows near  \$45 a barrel on Monday before taking back most of their losses,  but the downward trend knocked energy company stocks lower and  U.S. stock indexes ended little changed. A rise in Microsoft  shares helped boost the technology sector.
Major League Baseball Box Score COLORADO (7) VS ARIZONA (1) - MID 6TH - IN PROGRESS COLORADO ab rh rbi bb so lob avg A Miles 2b 4 0 1 0 0 0 1 .302 R Clayton ss 2 0 2 0 1 0 0 .
US bombardment kills 5 in Fallujah FALLUJAH - US artillery shelled Fallujah yesterday after overnight air and tank attacks killed five people in Iraqs most rebellious city, braced for an all-out offensive now the US presidential election is over.
Exporters Lead Nikkei Up, Trade Slow  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average was up 0.37 percent in  mid-morning trade on Thursday as a recovery in the dollar  helped auto makers among other exporters, but trade was slow as  investors waited for important Japanese economic data.
Hamas official killed in blast JERUSALEM -- A Hamas official was killed Sunday when his sport utility vehicle exploded in a neighborhood of Damascus, Syria, seconds after he started the engine, according to witnesses and the Palestinian militant group #39;s leaders, who accused Israel of
Sainz forced off road TWO-TIME world champion Carlos Sainz #39;s career came to a premature end today after the Spaniard was forced out of the Rally of Australia.
Wenger vows no repeat of frailties against Bayern ARSNE WENGER was raised in Alsace, near the German border, with an affinity for the Bayern Munich football machines of the Seventies.
Microsoft's Tune Like Many Others Cue the music: Microsoft has officially thrown its headphones into the ring in the contest to bring legal music downloads to the masses. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
US jets hammer Iraqi insurgents as deadly bombings rock Baghdad BAGHDAD : At least six people were killed in two suicide car bombings in Baghdad while another 47 people died in a series of US air strikes around the Iraqi insurgent bastion of Fallujah.
SEC gives a slap on the wrist After last week #39;s settlement with San Francisco investment adviser Garrett Van Wagoner, you have to wonder how serious the Securities and Exchange Commission is about protecting mutual fund shareholders.
Regulators Approve Artificial Heart The Food and Drug Administration approved the use of an artificial heart made by SynCardia Systems as a temporary device for people awaiting transplants.
California slashes legal fees in settlement of Microsoft case California lawyers who reached a \$1.1 billion class-action settlement with Microsoft will get less than half the legal fees they requested.
Kremlin rules out public inquiry on Beslan LONDON President Vladimir Putin of Russia has ruled out a public inquiry into the Beslan school siege and snarled at those who think he should do business with Chechen militants, two British newspapers said Tuesday.
McKenzie Ends Holdout and Returns to Green Bay (Reuters) Reuters - Green Bay Packers\cornerback Mike McKenzie ended his lengthy holdout Wednesday\afternoon and joined his teammates in preparation for Week 2.
Now or never for United Arsenal were the clear  #39;devils #39; back in September 2003, just six games into last season. Following captain Patrick Viera #39;s second half dismissal for lashing out on free-faller Ruud Van Nistelrooy, and then
Apple and U2 co-host autumn music special The links between Apple and U2 grow stronger, with Apple #39;s announcement that it will hold a special music event next week on October 26.
Confident Bush Outlines Ambitious Plan for 2nd Term President Bush said he would begin work immediately on his proposal to overhaul Social Security.
Report: CARE Hostage Faces Transfer To Al-Qaida BAGHDAD, Iraq -- The kidnappers of aid worker Margaret Hassan threatened to turn her over to an al-Qaida affiliated group within 48 hours if the British government refuses to pull its troops from Iraq, Al-Jazeera television reported Tuesday.
Dodgers ready for anything com. When Dodgers coach Glenn Hoffman makes out the daily schedule of Spring Training drills, there are entries for pickoffs and cutoffs, bunt situations and hit-and-runs.
Vietnam Opens Bunker Used by Ho Chi Minh (AP) AP - Behind thick concrete walls and iron doors, Ho Chi Minh and other top Vietnamese leaders hid in secret underground tunnels during U.S. B-52 bombing raids to plot key military strategies that led to America's defeat in the Vietnam War.
Editorial: Sub incident shows China #39;s stripes After days of speculation and a chase by Japanese destroyers and a surveillance plane, it has finally been determined that the nuclear submarine that intruded into Japanese territorial water between Okinawa and Taiwan was Chinese.
IBM recalls 225,000 laptop adapters The adapters can overheat and cause damage to the circuit board, according to a safety agency. WASHINGTON: IBM will recall about 225,000 AC power adapters for several models of its laptop computer because
Check Boeing sops, Airbustells US Check Boeing sops, Airbustells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; European aircraft maker Airbus on Thursday criticised a US move to take a fight about subsidies to the World Trade Organisation (WTO), saying it showed its rivals unwillingness to address its own subsidies.
Spanish flyer: Markko Martin steers his Ford Focus during the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MARKKO MARTIN won his second event in succession as he held off a late charge from Marcus Gronholm to come out on top in the Rally of Catalunya.
Accusations of Fraud Mar Afghan Election KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghans packed polling stations on Saturday for a historic presidential election that was blemished when all 15 candidates opposing U.S.-backed interim President Hamid Karzai withdrew, charging the government and the U.N. with fraud and incompetence...
Microsoft, Swatch Partner on Wireless Watch (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has hooked up with Swatch to deliver the latest in a line of smart wristwatches using the software giant's MSN Direct wireless content-delivery technology.
DHS faces IT management challenge, GAO says A  quot;formidable information and technology management challenge quot; faces the Homeland Security Department, according a report released today by the Government Accountability Office.
Campaigning Begins for Afghan Election (AP) AP - Afghanistan's historic election campaign got under way Tuesday, pitting 17 hopefuls against interim leader Hamid Karzai in the race to become the impoverished country's first popularly elected president.
Putin #39;s policies at fault The spate of terrorist attacks in Russia illustrates that President Vladimir V. Putin #39;s hard-line policy in Chechnya is failing to resolve that conflict or to make Russians safer.
Notre Dame To Interview Utah #39;s Meyer University of Notre Dame officials are apparently prepared to interview Utah football coach Urban Meyer as early as tonight, only two days after the school fired coach Tyrone Willingham after three seasons.
BearingPoint CFO Out; Error Found McLean technology consulting company BearingPoint Inc. said yesterday that its chief financial officer, Robert S. Falcone, would retire on Nov. 30.
U.N.: Traces of Plutonium Found in Egypt (AP) AP - U.N. experts have found traces of plutonium near an Egyptian nuclear facility and are investigating whether it could be weapons-related or simply a byproduct of the country's peaceful atomic activities, diplomats told The Associated Press on Friday.
Don #39;t Answer the Cell Phone, it #39;s Spam Again It figures...and just when it looked like some major email spammers were going to jail, too. So far, it #39;s only in Russia, but it #39;s nasty.
Haas and Cink Selected for Ryder Cup Team Jay Haas joined Stewart Cink as the two captain's picks for a U.S. team that will try to regain the cup from Europe next month.
Bush seeks Schwarzenegger's muscle, as missing explosives cast campaign shadow (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush called on the star power of actor-turned-California-governor Arnold Schwarzenegger to boost his campaign appeal as Democratic challenger John Kerry shifted his attack from missing explosives in Iraq to domestic economics.
Blame player, not game It was like nothing youd ever exercised your thumbs to before. You could do whatever you wanted, whenever you wanted. The game seemed endless.
Album-on-a-card p2pnet.net News:- If you #39;re in Britain and you see people peering intently at their mobile phones, tapping their feet and snapping their fingers at the same time, they might be checking out the new Robbie Williams Greatest Hits album.
Jubilant Spain revels in glory of second Davis Cup Spain hailed the fulfilment of an old dream and the rise of a new star on Monday after the national team secured the country #39;s second Davis Cup title in five years.
NTT DoCoMo, Mm02 Sign Deal TOKYO - Japan #39;s top cell phone operator NTT DoCoMo Inc. and major British mobile carrier mm02 plc reached an agreement that will allow mobile telephone users in Britain, Germany, and Ireland to surf the Internet on the handsets, DoCoMo said Tuesday.
Brewers Hand Cards Fourth Straight Loss (AP) AP - Matt Morris struggled in his final tuneup for the playoffs, and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 7-6 Thursday night to send the NL Central champions to their first four-game losing streak of the season.
US Open Tennis: Henin-Hardenne falls to Petrova and blunders NEW YORK The rivalry match at the United States Open fizzled, but the mismatch sizzled. After Lindsay Davenport defeated Venus Williams, 7-5, 6-4, in a match that was ho-hum until the last game, Nadia Petrova
Large Gambian Rats Worry Fla. Officials (AP) AP - The Florida Keys, already dealing with invasive exotics from melaleuca to iguanas, have added another to the list of unwanted newcomers: the African Gambian pouch rat.
Boxer Begs Bush to Back Bum Bill Members of California's congressional team make one last effort to look good for the tech industry back home.
Consumer Spending Up, Manufacturing Gains Consumers spent briskly in October and the nation #39;s manufacturers saw robust activity in November, encouraging signs that the last quarter of this year is shaping up nicely.
Seven seize ATHENS -- He was behind at the start. He was behind at the turn. He was behind for 99.99 of the 100 meters. His head was behind Ian Crocker's head at the finish. And yet somehow last night, Michael Phelps won again -- for the fourth and final time in an individual race at these Olympics.
Black Watch Death Family Speak of  #39;Devastation #39; Relatives of the Black Watch soldier killed during the controversial military deployment from Basra have spoken of their devastation at his death.
Sony shows off new, smaller PlayStation Sony on Tuesday showed a smaller, book-sized PlayStation 2 that will go on sale worldwide next month and help the Japanese electronics giant cut costs as video-game consoles continue to drop in price.
Internet Ad Revenues Jump 40 Percent Internet advertising revenues jumped 40 percent in the first half of this year, driven largely by the growing popularity of keyword ads tied to search results.
Top exec shares business lessons Jeff Raikes was working at Apple Computer in the early 1980s when a guy named Steve Ballmer called and asked him to interview for a product-management job at a small software outfit in the Seattle area.
Digital home entertainment hits the road Theater-quality entertainment systems are coming to the car. Is rush hour ready for wireless file swapping?\&lt;br /&gt; Photo gallery: Consumer gear takes a test drive
Arrowhead: It still is pointing the way In comparison to its contemporaries it could be termed a modern marvel, an example of how to do things right when everyone else was doing things wrong.
TiVo Unveils Portable Transfer Service TiVo Inc. pioneered digital video recording as a new way of watching television - when you want it. Now it could be TV where you want it, too.
Mediation efforts to end Ukraine crisis step up as Solana due in Kiev (AFP) AFP - Attempts to mediate the political crisis in Ukraine are gathering pace with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski expected in Kiev.
Wenger commits future to Arsenal Arsenal FC have agreed a three-year contract extension with manager Arsne Wenger, retaining the Frenchman #39;s services until May 2008.
Ivan Roars Into Gulf of Mexico Hurricane Ivan skirted the western tip of Cuba on Monday and arced into the Gulf of Mexico with sustained winds of 160 mph, bearing down toward  landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast later this week.
Bears Set to Sign QB Jeff George (Reuters) Reuters - The Chicago Bears are expected\to sign quarterback Jeff George on Monday.
A suicide bombing killed 3 people in a crowded Tel Aviv market &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A suicide bombing killed at least five people and seriously injured more than 30 others in a crowded Tel Aviv open-air market. Injured shoppers were treated on the ground, as vegetables were strewn on the pavement.
Gatlin Sprints from Unknown to Olympic Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Justin Gatlin roared from  virtual unknown to win the blue ribband Olympic men's 100  meters race on Sunday, upstaging more illustrious rivals in a  pulsating final.
New Crew Prepares For Space Station Duty CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- A new crew is aboard the International Space Station Wednesday preparing to take over command of the orbiting outpost.
Oil, Profit Reports to Weigh on Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A new reporting period for company  earnings kicks into gear next week, giving investors a bit of  hard data to chew on, and markets could be volatile if the  price of crude oil stays north of \$50 a barrel.
UK Bankers Begin Extradition Hearing on Enron-Related Charges Three British bankers will today begin fighting extradition to the US on fraud charges related to Enron Corp., the first test of new British extradition laws.
Research predicts iceless Arctic Global warming is causing the Arctic ice-cap to melt at such an unprecedented rate that by the summer of 2070 it may have no ice at all, according to the most comprehensive study carried out on global climate change in the region.
Donato has Harvard on the move, in groove Three games into the 2004-05 season, the first-year coach with the Harvard degree and NHL pedigree was staring at a 0-2-1 record, an offense that was averaging a goal a game, and a locker room full of long faces.
A perfect storm of political peril, unless... The extended train wreck that has been American-dominated Iraq is winding its way toward a decisive intersection: the national elections scheduled for Jan. 30, 2005, where voters will be asked
Goldcorp Says It Will Review Glamis Bid Gold miner Goldcorp Inc. on Friday said its board is willing to review and evaluate a takeover offer from Glamis Gold Ltd. that would break up its friendly merger agreement with Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
Mom Hugs 'Miracle' Baby After Ovarian Transplant (Reuters) Reuters - Ouarda Touirat, her day-old baby\daughter nestling in her arms, said Friday she had never lost\hope that she could conceive after cancer treatment left her\infertile.
PalmOne Announces Tungsten T5 PalmOne has introduced the new Tungsten T5 PDA. The new Tungsten T5 features 256MB of flash memory, which doesn #39;t lose data when the device loses its charge.
Intel guns for remote wireless device management SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. is working on a device management technology that could allow IT departments to take advantage of existing management software and bring a host of disparate wireless devices under the IT department umbrella, an Intel executive said Monday at the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association's Wireless Entertainment and IT conference here.
Ironman winner confirms she used drug Nina Kraft, winner of last month #39;s Ironman Triathlon World Championship in Hawai #39;i, acknowledged yesterday that she had used the banned endurance-boosting drug EPO.
George: Loss evicts Marlins #39; playoff hopes MIAMI GARDENS - Monday was supposed to be moving day for the Florida Marlins, a playoff contender already marked extremely fragile.
Amazon #39;s A9 Search Evens Out Google results with links to books at Amazon.com, the Internet Movie Database, Google Images, and GuruNet.com, plus site information, including similar links that others have followed.
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE: Expect a comfortable night for the Highbury boys The Gooners take their first step into European football this season tonight by welcoming Dutch league runners-up, PSV Eindhoven, to Highbury.
US Airways files for bankruptcy for 2nd time US Airways Group Inc., the nation #39;s seventh-largest airline, filed for bankruptcy protection Sunday for the second time in two years.
#39;Noles Rebound Leon Washington ran for 104 yards and a touchdown and Florida State sacked Alabama-Birmingham #39;s Darrell Hackney eight times Saturday night to rebound from a disappointing loss to Miami with a 34-7 victory.
Wi-Fi successor is called high-speed hype -- for now SAN FRANCISCO -- At virtually every turn, Intel Corp. executives are heaping praise on an emerging long-range wireless technology known as WiMAX, which can blanket entire cities with high-speed Internet access.
Iraq Attacks Leave at Least 20 Dead Iraqi insurgents staged nearly simultaneous attacks Friday morning on police stations at opposite ends of Baghdad, killing at least 20 people, freeing dozens of prisoners and emptying a police arsenal in a demonstration of the militants' strength in the heart of the country.
SAP Gets \$35 Million Post Office Pact SAP has landed a \$35 million deal to help the US Postal Service overhaul its human resources systems. According to sources close to the deal, the agreement includes a \$21 million consulting component, and
Europeans hail latest data from Mars The European Space Agency says data collected by its probe, Mars Express, has provided new evidence in the search for life on Mars.
Seattle Times business columnist admits plagiarism, resigns A business columnist has resigned from the Seattle Times after admitting he plagiarized the work of other journalists, said the newspaper.
Snow to Stay on With Bush, Principi Exits (AP) AP - Treasury Secretary John Snow, an aggressive champion of the administration's economic policies, accepted President Bush's offer Wednesday to remain in the Cabinet.
Japan Ministers Resign Ahead of Reshuffle  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese cabinet ministers tendered their  resignations on Monday, setting the stage for Prime Minister  Junichiro Koizumi to make new appointments aimed at boosting  his popularity and tightening his grip on power after a  set-back in July's upper house elections.
Is Piracy Pushing Linux Sales? More PCs run the alternative OS, but many will end up with a pirated version of Windows, report says. Linux may be shipping on a growing number of PCs sold in the emerging markets of Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe.
Water and robots on Mars chosen as tops in 2004 Science It #39;s the discovery by two Mars rovers that the Red Planet once had water and possibly could have supported life. That recognition comes today from the journal Science.
Stocks Finish Up, Apple Provides a Lift  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as a higher  price target for shares of Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AAPL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  prompted enthusiasm for technology stocks and a rally in crude  oil stalled.
IBM Chips May Someday Heal Themselves New technology applies electrical fuses to help identify and repair faults.
EU draft draws fire in Turkey BRUSSELS: Turkey will have to recognize the Republic of Cyprus, if only tacitly, if it wants to begin membership negotiations with the European Union, according to a draft document that was leaked here Monday.
Turkey cautiously optimistic of EU bid ahead of crunch summit ANKARA, Dec 13 (AFP) - Turkey was cautiously optimistic Monday that it would obtain a favorable result from this week #39;s crunch summit of European Union leaders who will decide on Ankara #39;s membership bid, but warned the 25-nation bloc not to cross Ankara #39;s
Guo tucks away gold for China China #39;s Guo Jingjing easily won the women #39;s 3-meter springboard last night, and Wu Minxia made it a 1-2 finish for the world #39;s diving superpower, taking the silver.
Nigerian Senate approves \$1.5 bln claim on Shell LAGOS - Nigeria #39;s Senate has passed a resolution asking Shell #39;s Nigerian unit to pay \$1.5 billion in compensation to oilfield communities for pollution, a Senate spokesman said.
Fed Sticks With Its 'Measured' Pace  Federal Reserve officials agreed at a meeting in September that they probably would keep raising their benchmark interest rate in coming quarters because of the likelihood of continued solid economic growth.
Stewart Asks to Serve Sentence Soon NEW YORK Sept. 15, 2004 - Millionaire executive Martha Stewart announced Wednesday that she had decided to begin her prison sentence for lying about a stock trade as soon as possible.
PA #39;s Abbas rules out interim deal with Israel The Palestinians will not accept an interim settlement with Israel, Palestine Liberation Organization chief Mahmoud Abbas told the Arab League during a visit to Egypt yesterday.
US official murdered in Baghdad WASHINGTON: A US State Department official who worked with the Iraqi ministers of education and higher education was murdered in Baghdad by a group linked to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the group claimed on Thursday.
Bears Place Brown on Injured Reserve (AP) AP - The Chicago Bears placed Mike Brown on injured reserve Tuesday, one day after announcing the safety would miss the rest of the season with a torn Achilles' tendon.
Patron Saint of the Nerds St. Expedite might not even be a true saint, but that doesn't stop programmers and job seekers from asking for his help. Michelle Delio reports from New Orleans.
Hamm hopes to get on a roll Paul Hamm takes another shot at history tonight, when he'll try to become the first American to win the Olympic men's all-around in gymnastics.
Fujifilm And Sprint Launch Photo Printing Service Sprint and Fuji Photo Film USA recently introduced a new service that lets Sprint #39;s Picture Mail customers send digital camera phone pictures from their online Picture Mail
Revolving Door  &lt;em&gt; IN&lt;/em&gt;&lt;br&gt;   Aylwin B. Lewis,  president of Yum Brands, as chief executive of Kmart.
Tokyo Stocks Higher at Late Morning (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks rose moderately Monday morning on bargain hunting following Friday's losses. The U.S. dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Iran agrees to nuclear enrichment freeze -diplomats Iran has agreed to suspend its uranium enrichment programme in an attempt to ease concerns that its nuclear programme is aimed at developing weapons, a Western diplomat close to the United Nations said today.
Tennis: Night final for Aus Open The centenary Australian Open will be the first Grand Slam event to stage its final at night.
The radical Islamic cleric was deported from Germany late Tuesday &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Turkish officials were doing what was necessary in regard to the return of Metin Kaplan, who was deported by Germany on Tuesday after a Cologne court ruled he could be extradited, Erdogan told reporters.
Cisco and Microsoft Partner for CRM 8/24/2004 -- Cisco Systems yesterday announced a new Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Communications Connector for Microsofts CRM offering.
Darfur warring parties to meet in Nigeria for peace talks (AFP) AFP - Sudan's government and its foes in the Darfur region's rebel movements will meet on Monday for peace talks which mark a last chance for African diplomacy to solve the crisis before the United Nations steps in.
Bank of England Says Dollar Decline Increases Risk to Banks The possibility of a further slide in the dollar and a decline in demand for US assets has become one of the potential risks to financial stability, the Bank of England said in its semi-annual Financial Stability Review.
Terror scares hit Australia Australia #39;s frayed nerves were given another jolt yesterday by the discovery of a home-made firebomb on a Virgin Blue airliner and the unrelated arrest of a man accused of threatening terror attacks in Southeast Asia.
EU leaders agree on Commission reshuffle ISN SECURITY WATCH (05/11/04) - The EU heads of state agreed on Thursday night to a new line-up of commissioners in a attempt to bring the EU out of its institutional crisis that set in after incoming Commission President, former Portuguese prime minister
Cink Justifies Sutton #39;s Faith Three weeks away from the Ryder Cup, American Stewart Cink hopes he has silenced at least some of his critics - if indeed they exist.
Palm Shows New SmartPhone OS Rev PalmSource #39;s latest iteration of the Palm OS operating system, code named Cobalt, is expected to be available in consumer mobile phone devices in the first half of 2005.
Flick Collection Opens in Berlin Friedrich Flick, who made his fortune as an arms supplier to the Nazis during World War II, once presented old master paintings to Luftwaffe Commander-in-Chief Hermann Gring as a birthday gift.
Kansas, Oklahoma State cruise to easy victories NO. 2 KANSAS 85, NEVADA 52: At Lawrence, Kan. - Wayne Simien had his third double-double in as many games and Kansas routed Nevada on Monday night, avenging an embarrassing loss of a year ago.
Immunity in Ebbers Case Opposed in U.S. Filing NEW YORK, Sept. 29 -- Federal prosecutors told a judge in a filing late Tuesday night that they have evidence that former WorldCom Inc. chief executive Bernard J. Ebbers knew company officials had improperly tinkered with the telecommunications firm's accounting to boost its publicly reported profits.
FCC Finds US Broadband Deployment Is Accelerating US broadband deployment is accelerating as underserved rural and inner city areas gain greater access to new services, according to a government report.
Red Hat acquires AOL #39;s Netscape server software In a move to add more open-source arrows to its quiver, Linux seller Red Hat has acquired the Netscape server software products of AOL Time Warner, the companies plan to announce Thursday.
Panera Hopes 'Chilling Out' Brews Sales (AP) AP - Bakery cafe chain Panera Bread Co. hopes its customers will stick around a little longer  #151; grab a bite to eat, buy another cup of coffee, try the Wi-Fi. In other words, just chill out.
SBC calling on cable SBC is teaming up with Microsoft to provide consumers with a new way to view television -- a move that puts it in direct competition with the cable TV industry.
2004 Signals More Global Warming, Extreme Weather: UN (Reuters) Reuters - Global warming is set to continue, and\bring with it an increase in extreme weather such as hurricanes\and droughts, scientists from the United Nations' World\Meteorological Organization warned on Wednesday.
China cracks down on  quot;phone sex quot; services BEIJING, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- China is carrying out a nationwide campaign to crack down on  quot;phone sex quot; services, paralleling another sweeping operation against Internet pornography, Minister of Information Industry Wang Xudong said here Tuesday.
Tougher rules won't soften Law's game FOXBOROUGH -- Looking at his ridiculously developed upper body, with huge biceps and hardly an ounce of fat, it's easy to see why Ty Law, arguably the best cornerback in football, chooses physical play over finesse. That's not to imply that he's lacking a finesse component, because he can shut down his side of the field much as Deion Sanders ...
New trade war erupts over Boeing, Airbus A decades-long struggle between the world #39;s two largest aircraft makers escalated into a new trade war between the United States and Europe, just as France-based Airbus stepped
New Zealand Court Rejects Air NZ-Qantas Alliance (Update1) New Zealand #39;s High Court rejected a proposed alliance between Air New Zealand Ltd., the nation #39;s largest airline, and Australia #39;s Qantas Airways Ltd.
Vonage Calls on Linksys for VoIP Linksys will provide broadband-to-phone adapters and, eventually, Wi-Fi equipment.
System glitch hits HSBC A glitch leaves customers of HSBC bank unable to use its internet services as well as cash machines.
Symantec launches antiphishing service SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Symantec Corp. is fishing for dollars with a new service designed to help companies combat the ongoing epidemic of online identity theft, or  quot;phishing, quot; scams.
Even Longer: Red Sox Win in 14 Innings Boston's David Ortiz drilled a pitch into center field, a clean single that brought home Johnny Damon with the winning run in a marathon Game 5 in the A.L.C.S.
Judge orders inspector to look at Hollinger dealings A Canadian judge has ordered that a court-appointed inspector be assigned to take a close look at the business dealings of Hollinger Inc, the Conrad Black-controlled company said on Friday.
Central Baghdad Car Bomb Kills 17, Wounds 20 A car bomb exploded near a police patrol in busy central Baghdad on Thursday, killing 17 people and wounding 20, police said. A police source said the blast missed a convoy
Strahan out for the season It #39;s bad enough when a team loses both starting defensive ends in one game. But when one of them is named Michael Strahan, it becomes a near disaster.
WR Grace Is Likely to Face Indictment in Montana Case By Bloomberg News. WR Grace  amp; Company, a producer of chemicals and building material that filed for bankruptcy protection in 2001 amid thousands of asbestos-related claims, said yesterday
Shareholders Approve Aether Changeover Shareholders approved Aether Systems Inc.'s sale of one of its two remaining operating divisions Wednesday, a deal that will take the Owings Mills company out of the wireless business and nearly complete its transformation into a mortgage investment fund.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Scientists Discover Ganymede has a Lumpy Interior Jet Propulsion Lab -- Scientists have discovered irregular lumps beneath the icy surface of Jupiter's largest moon, Ganymede. These irregular masses may be rock formations, supported by Ganymede's icy shell for billions of years...
Halo 2 vs Xbox hacks p2pnet.net News:- Xbox add-ons that let users run items not produced by Microsoft have been out there almost since Day One.  quot;Hackers who equip their Xboxes with mod chips and other upgrades such as bigger
Chile Court Strips Pinochet of Immunity (AP) AP - Chile's Supreme Court stripped Gen. Augusto Pinochet of immunity from prosecution Thursday in a ruling that revived hopes of his foes that he might stand trial on charges of human rights abuses during his rule.
9/10/04 - INDIA-PAKISTAN DIALOGUE The foreign ministers of India and Pakistan have concluded another round of peace talks. The talks in Indias capital, New Delhi, set the stage for an expected meeting at the United Nations later this month
Greenspan: Debt, home prices not dangerous The record level of debt carried by American households and soaring home prices do not appear to represent serious threats to the US economy, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
Music industry group sues 750 for file sharing Los Angeles, October 29: A trade group representing the US music industry said on Thursday it has filed lawsuits against 750 people it claims used online file-sharing networks to illegally trade in copyrighted songs.
Clip and save The historically maligned Clippers appeared headed for a letdown. They started their first seven games above .500 and had their first home game in eight days against the mediocre Toronto Raptors.
'Nano-needle' operates on cell Scientists have performed a delicate surgical operation on a single living cell, using a needle that is just a few billionths of a metre wide.
Four pay price for India defeats India have dropped wicket-keeper Parthiv Patel and batsman Yuvraj Singh for the final Test against Australia. Opening batsman Aakash Chopra and seamer Ajit Agarkar were also left out after India conceded the
Kazaa trial  #39;expert #39; changed sides p2pnet.net News:- Expert witness Melbourne professor Leon Sterling, produced by Big Music in the Kazaa civil trial currently unfolding in Australia, apparently once offered to speak for Kazaa owner Sharman Networks.
Tendulkar not giving up on first Test India #39;s star batsman Sachin Tendulkar says he may be fit for next week #39;s first Test against Australia, after revealing the tennis elbow injury was showing  quot;tremendous improvement.
Four in court over SQL theft FOUR former Microsoft employees have been charged with stealing \$US32.4 million (\$42.71 million) worth of software and selling it on the side.
Parmalat Sues 45 Banks to Recover \$4 Billion Parmalat, the bankrupt Italian dairy and food company, sued 45 banks on Thursday seeking to recover money it paid to them in the year before the company #39;s collapse.
New Englanders greet the day with wings on their heels In a Framingham coffee shop yesterday morning, an elderly man softly asked a customer if he could see her newspaper. When the woman held up the front page, emblazoned with news of the Red Sox victory, the man stared in silence, touched his eyes, and began to cry.
Britain Charges Cleric Sought by US for Aiding Terrorism A radical Muslim cleric who is wanted on terrorism charges in the United States was accused by British prosecutors Tuesday of encouraging others to murder non-believers, including Jews, and inciting racial hatred.
Firefox 1.0 Presents Threat to IE The Firefox browser offers superior security features over Internet Explorer -- and as long as IE drives more than 90 percent of the world #39;s computers, hackers will continue to make it a target.
UK #39;s highest court rules against holding terror suspects without &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Britain #39;s highest court ruled Thursday that the government cannot detain terror suspects indefinitely without trial. Nine Law Lords ruled in favor of a group of men jailed without charge for
Valley Stars Struggle to Settle Alan Curbishley admits Charltons summer signings have yet to settle at The Valley and blames the loss of virtually an entire side for the clubs stuttering start to the season.
Black Watch move towards Baghdad THE Black Watch today moved towards Baghdad in response to the US plea for help. The Ministry of Defence said today that soldiers from the Scottish regiment were leaving their base in the southern city of
magic number down to 10 New York -- If the Braves #39; 13th consecutive division title seemed like a foregone conclusion before Wednesday, well then it seems doubly so today.
Fox to push Bush on migration at APEC Mexico President Vicente Fox said Wednesday he will meet with US President George W. Bush in Chile during the economic summit of Pacific Rim nations.
Jimenez wins BMW Open with final-round 66 Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez won the BMW Open, his fourth title on the European tour this season, and Colin Montgomerie was one of six golfers to claim Ryder Cup berths Sunday.
PeopleSoft gives in to Oracle, takes bid PeopleSoft Inc. capitulated to Oracle Corp., accepting a sweetened \$10.3 billion takeover offer to end an 18-month battle that pitted PeopleSoft against its investors and led to the ouster of its chief executive.
Nokia To Use Holograms To Thwart Battery Counterfeiters Hologram labels will help customers identify original Nokia batteries, thus ensuring the safe use of handsets, says Nokia. All new batteries will come with a holographic image and an authentication code hidden under it.
Microsoft Unveils Software to Find Files (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. on Monday joined the battle for supremacy in so-called desktop search, introducing software for quickly locating files on personal computers that challenges Google's two-month-old rival product.
Tennessee Loses McNair Again in Loss MINNEAPOLIS -- With Randy Moss relegated to two snaps of decoy duty, Daunte Culpepper and the Minnesota Vikings shifted gears and grinded one out against the Tennessee Titans.
Tigers are right on target AUBURN, Ala. -- Jason Campbell passed for a career-high 297 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 4 Auburn to a 38-20 rout of Arkansas yesterday.
Woods, Mickelson form dynamic US duo For three days, it had been about dinners, galas, black-tie affairs, and enough social engagements to please Paris Hilton.
4 nations lobby jointly for permanent seats UNITED NATIONS - Japan, Brazil, Germany and India formed a lobbying group to help one another get permanent seats on the United Nations Security Council and head off proposals that might work against them.
Grinstein: Delta Pilots #39; Retirement Exodus Likely On Wednesday At least 100 Delta Air Lines (nyse: DAL - news - people ) pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday. That #39;s the starting date for the 32.5 pay cut agreed upon under Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein #39;s master plan.
World #39;s  #39;worst plunderers #39; named HUMAN beings are plundering the earth #39;s resources at an alarming and unsustainable rate, and Australians are among the worst offenders.
Telephone Tag (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - ARRIS GROUP (5, ARRS) saw its market cap unjustifiably halved recently when Comcast, a huge customer (24 of Arris' sales), hinted it might buy next-generation technology from Cisco Systems. Arris supplies the technical guts that cable companies use to provide phone service. (For the reverse phenomenon, see story on p. 162.)
Sainsbury Ultimatum to Leeds Sebastian Sainsbury warned Leeds United chiefs today they face the stark choice of accepting his 25million bid or selling Elland Road.
Annan Starts Reshuffling UN Staff for Reform Push (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan on Monday chose the high-profile British head of a key\agency as his new chief of staff, the start of a reshuffle\aimed at instituting U.N. reforms and combating scandals.
HP signs on high-speed networking start-up Hewlett-Packard has signed a deal to sell network adapters from start-up S2io that the companies say can transfer data 10 times faster than today #39;s widespread standard.
Cingular Closes  #36;41 Bln ATT Wireless Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Cingular Wireless on Tuesday closed\its  #36;41 billion cash purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc.\, creating the biggest U.S. mobile service with more\than 46 million customers.
Search Engine Marketing: Outsource or In House? Search Engine Marketing: Outsource or In House?\\The next Search Engine Strategies session I thought would be interesting to report on was Search Engine Marketing: Outsource or In House?. Chris Sherman is moderating this panel, which includes Drew Graham from Kelkoo, Bill Hunt from IBM, Joseph Morin from Autobytel (SEW Forum ...
ASEAN moves closer to single market with  #39;road map #39;, global trade &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA : ASEAN finance ministers ended a meeting which saw Southeast Asia edge closer to a Europe-style single market, laying out a  quot;road map quot; for integration and opening doors to wider global trade.
FEC Elects Chairman, Vice Chairman (AP) AP - The Federal Election Commission on Thursday elected a new chairman and vice chairman, choosing as its leaders two members who pushed unsuccessfully for tougher limits on partisan political groups.
Plans for new Beagle trip to Mars The team behind Beagle 2, the failed mission to land on Mars and search for life, have unveiled plans for a successor. Professor Colin Pillinger, lead
Car bombs kill 11 in Baghdad BAGHDAD -- Two car bombs in Baghdad killed at least 11 people yesterday, including one American soldier, and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited US troops and diplomats in the capital and at a remote desert air base.
Fund pessimism grows NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Money managers are growing more pessimistic about the economy, corporate profits and US stock market returns, according to a monthly survey by Merrill Lynch released Tuesday.
Salvation Army says Target policy threatens fund-raising ST. PAUL - Salvation Army officials say they #39;re worried that they may not meet their holiday fund-raising goal because they won #39;t have bell-ringers outside of Target stores.
Man Sought  #36;50M From McGreevey, Aides Say (AP) AP - The man who claims Gov. James E. McGreevey sexually harassed him was pushing for a cash settlement of up to  #36;50 million before the governor decided to announce that he was gay and had an extramarital affair, sources told The Associated Press.
Bovina upsets Williams at Kremlin Cup Unseeded Elena Bovina upset error-prone Venus Williams, 6-3, 6-2 Friday to advance to the Kremlin Cup semifinals. Bovina, 19, will be playing in her third semifinal this season.
UNITED V ARSENAL: MATCH REPORT United are back in the title race after bringing Arsenal #39;s long unbeaten run to a grisly end in the Manchester rain. Ruud van Nistelrooy erased the misery of his penalty miss in last season #39;s fixture by slotting a second-half spot-kick past Jens Lehmann.
Amazon Updates Web Services Tools, Adds Alexa Access The Amazon Web Services (AWS) division of online retail giant Amazon.com yesterday released Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0 and the beta version of Alexa Web Information Service.
Sun To Refresh UltraSPARC Servers SAN FRANCISCOSun Microsystems Inc. next week will roll out two new servers featuring its UltraSPARC IV processors, a Sun executive said Friday.
Will Hutton There were two stories last week that will have world-shaping implications. The first was in a Paris hospital and a compound in Ramallah.
Warner to Start for Giants This Week (AP) AP - Kurt Warner will start at quarterback for the New York Giants this week, although his competition with rookie Eli Manning for the regular-season job continues.
House Passes Corporate Tax Bill The House, by a vote of 280 to 141, gave final approval last night to a far-reaching tax bill that provides a rich array of breaks to manufacturing companies, energy producers and small businesses and underwrites a \$10 billion buyout of American tobacco
Freed trio get warm Delhi welcome Three Indian truck drivers held hostage in Iraq arrive back in Delhi, where large crowds greet them.
Plane of NASCAR Team Hendrick Missing (AP) AP - A plane carrying members of the Hendrick Motorsports organization was missing Sunday after losing contact with the Federal Aviation Administration on its way to a NASCAR race, and a search was underway for the aircraft.
Oil exports flow as strike woes ease A general strike in Nigeria, which has raised fears over oil supply from the world #39;s seventh-largest exporter, will likely end its first phase on Thursday  quot;all going well quot;, union leaders said.
Israeli Troops Kill Two Palestinians (AP) AP - Israeli troops killed two Palestinians in two separate incidents Friday, and Israeli helicopters fired three missiles at a Gaza warehouse the army said was used for making weapons.
Mini World Cup heats up With the four minnows out of contention, the eight title contenders chase semifinal places in One-Day crickets mini World Cup with Australia first to get there by beating New Zealand by seven wickets yesterday in the first group showdown at the
Japanese Bank Makes Hostile Bid in Takeover Battle The biggest-ever takeover battle in Japan got even bigger today as Sumitomo Mitsui sought to disrupt a rival's expansion plans with a \$29 billion hostile bid for UFJ.
Benitez praises Gerrard #39;s role Rafael Benitez praised the captain #39;s performance of Steven Gerrard after his dramatic late goal earned Liverpool a place in the last 16 of the Champions League on Wednesday.
Boro left feeling Blue Accepting mediocrity has been part and parcel of following Middlesbrough over the years, yet this campaign was supposed to bring something new.
In The News: Instant Recall Oct. 11 issue - Last week Merck pulled its blockbuster arthritis-and-pain-relief drug Vioxx from the market. This week the 1.27 million Americans who were taking it are wondering what to do.
Ontario won #39;t help other provinces squeeze Ottawa for more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Premier Dalton McGuinty sent a shot across the bow of have-not provinces Sunday, warning that Ontario will not support efforts to wring billions more in equalization payments out
Rumsfeld turns to radio interviews in battleground states to defend Iraq situation (AFP) AFP - US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says he has been ordered not to comment on the presidential elections, but it hasn't kept him from defending the war in Iraq in interviews with radio talk show hosts in battleground states.
Hidden value for Wakefield When we look back on this improbable postseason turnaround by the Red Sox, one of the turning points will be hard to find unless we recall the words of Red Sox manager Terry Francona in the aftermath of the humiliating 19-8 loss to the Yankees in Game 3 of the American League Championship Series.
Attack on UN vehicle kills one in southern Afghanistan KANDAHAR, Afghanistan : An Afghan man died and five people were hurt in a bomb attack on a UN vehicle in Afghanistan, officials said, in the second deadly blast in a week as the country prepares for next month #39;s polls.
Dow falls on Wal-Mart update and rise in producer costs DISAPPOINTMENT over Wal-Marts third-quarter sales performance and news of a sharp rise in October producer prices sent shares in the United States on a downward path yesterday.
IBM Says Blue Gene Breaks Speed Record (AP) AP - IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world's fastest supercomputer. For three years running, the fastest supercomputer has been NEC's Earth Simulator in Japan.
Santander sells stake in Royal Bank of Scotland LONDON, September 9 (New Ratings) - Santander Central Hispano (BSD2.FSE) has indicated that it is selling a 2.51 stake in Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc, in an attempt to seek regulatory approval to acquire UKs Abbey National Plc.
Nike Boosts Dividend by 25 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Nike Inc.  boosted its\quarterly dividend by 25 percent on Monday, citing strong cash\flow and growth prospects as the world's biggest athletic shoe\company has racked up record revenue and soaring profits the\past few years.
Agency reports climate change major problem Rising sea levels, disappearing glaciers in the Alps and more deadly heat waves are coming for Europeans because of global warming, Europes environmental agency warned Wednesday.
Iraq's Sadr Orders Fighters to Lay Down Weapons  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebel Iraqi cleric Moqtada al-Sadr  on Friday ordered his men inside Najaf's Imam Ali mosque to lay  down their weapons and join thousands of Shi'ite pilgrims  outside the shrine.
NASA Space Station Status Report 10 December 2004 International Space Station crewmembers this week continued research and maintenance activities and prepared for arrival of the next Progress cargo craft.
Ivory Coast Leader Urges End to Violence  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo  appealed for an end to the anti-French violence which erupted  after France destroyed most of the country's air force in  retaliation for the killing of nine French peacekeepers.
Molson chief airs doubts The CEO of Molson Inc. raised doubts about his company #39;s deal with Adolph Coors Co., telling a Canadian newspaper he doesn #39;t know whether his shareholders will OK the merger, even though it #39;s  quot;the best deal.
US troops reach centre of Fallujah as 48 killed in Baquba and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; FALLUJAH: Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi on Tuesday imposed a night curfew in Baghdad as US troops with crack Iraqi soldiers surged into the heart of Fallujah in a hail of explosions and gunfire on the second day of the largest operation in Iraq since
At least five dead in Russia mine blast  quot;At 9:45 am (2:45 am British time) we received the signal for a methane blast. At the time, a 45-strong repair team was working in that.
After Wait, Google Set for Market Debut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. will make their  Nasdaq stock market debut on Thursday after the year's most  anticipated initial public offering priced far below initial  estimates, raising \$1.67 billion.
World Cup triumph means more money England #39;s first Rugby World Cup triumph a year ago generated profits of 13.5 million pounds (\$29.8 million Cdn) despite the loss of revenue from a lack of home games.
Bailout plan shelved for Donald Trump #39;s casinos A proposed bailout of Donald J. Trump #39;s casino company has been shelved, and Trump now says he may take the company private. The company #39;s shares fell 10 percent.
Global foreign investment falls Foreign investment levels decline in 2003, a UN report reveals, but there are signs of recovery - especially among developing nations.
White Sox Edge Phillies Joe Borchard wows the crowd with the longest homer in the 14-year history of U.S. Cellular Field as the White Sox edge the Phillies 9-8.
Jeff Gordon leads contenders at Talladega Joe Nemechek wasn #39;t surprised to be back at the front of the field, just that it took so long to get there. Nemechek, who earned the nickname  quot;Front Row Joe quot; when he won six poles from 1997-00, got No.
Ooh la la, Apple unveils new iMac (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Attempting to capitalize on iPod mania, Apple Computer Tuesday unveiled a fast new version of the iMac that it all but touted as a smart accessory for the sexy music players.
Five Blasts Reported in Spain After ETA Threats  MADRID (Reuters) - Five explosions were reported in  different parts of Spain Monday after the Basque separatist  group ETA threatened to set off a total of seven bombs, Spanish  media reported.
Second Beheading Reported (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - BAGHDAD  #8212; Militants said Tuesday that they had beheaded a second American hostage in as many days and threatened to kill a British captive, increasing pressure on President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair to confront a recent wave of kidnappings of foreigners in the Iraqi capital.
Al Qaeda Urge Wide-Scale Muslim Resistance Al Qaeda #39;s No. 2 man Ayman Zawahiri called for an all-out armed resistance in the Muslim world against the West and Jews whom he described as crusaders.
UPDATE 2-Sprint raises forecast, cuts \$3.5 bln from assets Sprint Corp. (FON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a larger third-quarter loss due to a \$3.5 billion write-down in the value of its long-distance assets.
Google Unveils Service for Academics Google has launched Google Scholar, a search service aimed specifically at the academic community. The search tool will help scientists and academic researchers locate papers, theses and
UPDATE 2-Viacom posts loss on charges; cable networks up Viacom Inc. (VIAb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (VIA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted a quarterly loss on charges related to the spinoff of video rental chain Blockbuster
Deco keeps Barca flying high as Ronaldo rescues Real Brazilians bagged the plaudits in Spain #39;s La Liga on Saturday as Deco, Brazil-born but a naturalised Portuguese international, fired Barcelona five points clear of the pack with the only goal in a derby win over Espanyol.
Cricket-Lara mulls over future after England whitewash LONDON (AFP) - Brian Lara said he will take stock before deciding on his future as West Indies captain following his side #39;s 10-wicket defeat to England in the fourth and final Test.
Athens coverage a winner for NBC NBC and its family of cable networks flooded American households with nearly nonstop coverage of the Athens Olympics, and the strategy - along with strong performances by the US teams in swimming and gymnastics -roduced not only a ratings increase
Running was a key human characteristic By Lee Bowman. The ability to run long distances across the African savannah gave human ancestors an evolutionary advantage over other primates that walked upright, but could not run the mile or 20, researchers argue in a new study.
New Bomb Blast Wounds 15 in India Suspected separatists bombed a power line, a gas pipeline, a tea plantation and a crowded marketplace in northeastern India on Sunday, intensifying a campaign of violence
Bayern rallies to draw with Stuttgart, keep Bundesliga lead Paolo Guerrero scored the equalizer and set up another goal to allow Bayern Munich to spend the winter break in first place in the Bundesliga with a 2-2 draw against Stuttgart on Saturday.
APEC Ministers Urge New Effort on Trade Talks Pacific Rim trading nations said on Wednesday they should pool their influence to energize talks to free up world trade. As trade and foreign ministers from the 21-member Asia-Pacific
Excess chips a drag on 3rd-quarter Intel results Intel on Tuesday released third-quarter financial results showing that it continues to struggle to sell a substantial stockpile of computer chips as demand for personal computers remains slow.
Patriots Place Sam on Injured Reserve  FOXBORO, Mass., (Sports Network) - The New England Patriots  placed rookie wide receiver P.K. Sam on injured reserve  Wednesday with a groin injury.
Viruses: Blame Microsoft? Last year we explored the question of Microsoft #39;s potential liability for software flaws exploited by viruses and other forms of malware.
Car Crashes Into Japan Parliament Gate -Jiji (Reuters) Reuters - A car crashed into a gate of Japan's\parliament building in central Tokyo on Thursday and caught\fire, Jiji news agency said.
Diamondbacks, Clayton Reach Agreement (AP) AP - Royce Clayton and the Arizona Diamondbacks reached a preliminary agreement Sunday on a  #36;1.3 million, one-year contract.
Stocks Seen Flat with Oil Above \$52 US stocks looked to open flat on Thursday under pressure from the surge in oil prices and lackluster September sales reports from US retailers.
Winter Concerns Push to Record High  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into record  territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.
Selig Welcomes Government Help In Steroids Scandal NEW YORK -- Baseball commissioner Bud Selig said Monday he would accept government intervention on steroid testing if the players #39; association refuses to change the current rules, which run for two more years.
France criticizes Iraq hostage mediators France has criticized unofficial negotiators for complicating release efforts for two French hostages held in Iraq, the BBC reported Saturday.
Update 4: Court Dismisses Suit From Hollinger Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. suffered a setback Friday in its legal battle against ousted CEO Conrad Black and several associates when a federal judge sharply scaled back its effort to
Sun Reports Smaller Loss and Calls It a Turnaround As it struggled to increase sales and cut costs, Sun Microsystems managed to reduce its net loss in the first quarter to \$174 million.
Nextel #39;s Profit Rose by 69 in 3rd Quarter Nextel Communications, the nation #39;s fifth-largest wireless provider, said yesterday that its profit jumped 69 percent in the third quarter from the period last year.
Hamilton Keeps Gold but One Test Confirms Doping The American cyclist Tyler Hamilton will keep his gold medal from the Athens Olympics after a testing lab mishandled his blood sample.
Angels 5, Rangers 3 Chone Figgins and Troy Percival saved the Anaheim Angels, and gave them a little boost in the AL West race. Figgins had RBI hits in the last two innings and scored the go-ahead run on an infield grounder.
MOFA releases new names of Indonesian hostages JAKARTA (Antara): The Ministry of Foreign Affairs offered up on Tuesday yet new names of two Indonesian women that were released by Iraqi abductors on Monday.
Yahoo Taps X1 For Desktop Search Search engine giant Yahoo has tapped Pasadena-based X1 Technologies to add the ability to search desktop files and folders on Microsoft Windows platforms.
Merck plans 5,100 job cuts by year-end Merck  amp; Co. plans to cut its workforce by 5,100 jobs by the end of the year--about 700 more than originally planned. Whitehouse Station, NJ-based Merck said in materials filed with the Securities and Exchange
Pac-10 Teams Seek to Revive Reputation (AP) AP - As it looks ahead to another basketball season, the Pac-10 can take some comfort in one thing: There's a lot of room for improvement after a miserable 2003-04. And with traditional power Arizona leading the way, the conference should indeed be much better.
America West Pulls From Race for ATA America West Holdings Corp., parent of America West Airlines Inc., on Thursday said it does not plan to submit a bid to acquire bankrupt ATA Holdings Corp.
Pakistan tightens noose around Al-Qaeda militants near Afghan border: army (AFP) AFP - Pakistani troops have hemmed in Al-Qaeda-linked foreign fighters and their local allies hiding in tribal border regions with a series of military assaults, a top Pakistani general said.
China's Lenovo to buy IBM's PC business TOKYO - China's Lenovo Group Ltd. signed a definitive agreement on Wednesday to acquire IBM Corp.'s personal computing division. Lenovo will pay US\$1.25 billion in cash for the business, which is expected to transform it into the world's number three PC maker, the companies announced.
RIM takes new BlackBerry design overseas Revamped keyboard is key feature of the 7100v, which is headed for European and Asian shores.\
President terms Farooqi #39;s death big achievement THE HAGUE: President General Pervez Musharraf Monday described the killing of Amjad Farooqi as big achievement by security forces and said  quot;important terrorist has been eliminated.
'Money woes' foiled Beagle 2 shot A report into the loss of British Mars probe Beagle 2 blames the UK government's failure to commit funds early.
GOP Urge Bush to Turn Attention From Iraq (AP) AP - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam.
Big Television Remember Neo #39;s dilemma in The Matrix? Morpheus offers him two views of reality, extending a blue pill in his left hand and a red one in his right.
Notre Dame situation has columnist shaking his head Puzzling is the best word to describe Notre Dames attempt to find a new head football coach after dumping Tyrone Willingham unceremoniously two weeks ago.
August chip sales up Global semiconductor sales rose 1.1 percent to \$18.2 billion in August from the previous month and it appears as though chip inventories are declining, an industry trade group said Thursday.
Nortel warns of lower Q3 revenue TORONTO - Nortel Networks warned Thursday its third-quarter revenue will be below the \$2.6 billion US preliminary unaudited revenues it reported for the second quarter.
On TV -- from the Internet  SAN MATEO, Calif. -- The promise of Internet-based video has long been hamstrung by copyright and piracy worries, slow dial-up connections, technical challenges, and consumer disdain for watching blotchy videos on their home computers.
Basayev Claims Responsibility for Beslan School Hostage Siege A Chechen rebel commander has claimed responsibility for the school hostage siege in southern Russia earlier this month, during which more than 320 hostages were killed, half of them children.
Fini named Italy foreign minister The leader of Italy's right-wing National Alliance, Gianfranco Fini, is appointed foreign minister.
Nuggets 112, Raptors 106 Carmelo Anthony scored 30 points and Kenyon Martin added 24 points and 16 rebounds, helping the Denver Nuggets hold off the Toronto Raptors 112-106 Wednesday night.
Iran given nuclear deadline the (International Atomic Energy Agency) board of governors, quot; he said.  quot;A proposal will be put to them. quot;. produce fuel for nuclear weapons -- but Tehran rejected the demand as illegal.
Cambodia passes succession law Cambodia approves a law to choose a new monarch, after King Sihanouk's abdication announcement.
S amp;P says may cut Constellation Brands #39; debt rating Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Tuesday said it may cut the debt rating for Constellation Brands (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) deeper into junk, after the wine and beer distributor said it had launched an unsolicited offer of \$970
Share-deal ban signals MGM deal MOVIE studio Metro-Goldwyn Meyer has reportedly banned some of its staff from buying or selling its shares, stoking speculation that a multibillion-dollar takeover of the group could be days away, with Time Warner the favoured candidate.
UPDATE 3-Walgreen profit rises, more stores planned Walgreen Co. (WAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US drugstore chain, on Monday said quarterly profit rose 18 percent on strong sales of prescription drugs
Safety Group Closely Echoes Rail Industry Documents show that the nation's most influential rail-safety group is tightly bound to the railroad industry.
Stellar Putting Gives Europe a 2 - 0 Ryder Cup Lead Inspired by a brilliant putting display, holders Europe secured the first two points in the opening fourball matches against the United States at the 35th Ryder Cup Friday.
Is It Time For Steroid Testing In High Schools? SALINAS, Calif. -- Baseball commissioner Bud Selig said in meetings Monday that he would accept government intervention on steroid testing if the players #39; association refuses to change the current rules, which run for two more years.
As hockey clock strikes 12, Canada reclaims World Cup The message board in Canada #39;s dressing room spoke volumes:  quot;Practice canceled tomorrow, quot; it read.  quot;No one else to beat.
US Airways to Alter Flights US Airways said it will change its flight schedules in February to increase departures at its Charlotte and Philadelphia hubs and create a mini-hub in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Around The Region A federal judge on Wednesday ordered California to drop fraud claims seeking \$2 billion in refunds from Enron, saying the company is protected from such suits under bankruptcy law.
Cavaliers Trip Trail Blazers 112-88 (AP) AP - LeBron James scored 12 of his 25 points in less than three minutes of the third quarter and Ira Newble added a season-high 18 as the Cleveland Cavaliers won their ninth straight at home, 112-88 over the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday night.
Lions career sack leader Porcher retires ALLEN PARK, Mich. - Robert Porcher finally couldn #39;t take standing on the sidelines any more. Porcher, the Detroit Lions #39; career sack leader, retired Monday, ending a frustrating season and a 13-year career.
Nike teams with Sony on special GT4 offer A limited edition Gran Turismo bundle in Japan will come with a pair of Nike sneakers and T-shirt. TOKYO--Major running shoe and apparel manufacturer Nike is collaborating with Sony Computer Entertainment
Jets: Abraham is likely to miss 3 games Though coach Herman Edwards ruled defensive end John Abraham out for only this Sunday #39;s game against the Steelers with a sprained lateral collateral ligament in his right knee, he #39;ll be
Winter on Saturday: Peace initiative in Spain shows Beckham #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; David Beckham prevented a major incident between England #39;s fired-up players and their aggrieved Spanish counterparts in Madrid, according to an England insider yesterday.
Microsoft revamps its plans for Longhorn Microsoft is shaking up its plans for the next version of Windows to get the software off the drawing board and into PCs by the end of 2006.
Huskies trip up Pitt Connecticut linebacker Alfred Fincher matched his career high with 17 tackles and helped the Huskies secure their first Big East win as a conference member
EU seeks joint asylum policy EU ministers meeting in Luxembourg plan moves to integrate their asylum and immigration procedures.
Legendary double for El Guerrouj In a historic 5,000-meter race, Hicham El Guerrouj of Morocco, who won gold at 1,500 meters last week, outkicked Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia in
Liverpool #39;s Benitez hopes to sign new striker Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez would like to sign a new striker in January #39;s transfer window after an injured Djibril Cisse was sidelined for the rest of the season but warned he would not break the bank to sign someone.
Pakistan bombs suspected al-Qaida camp Ayman al- Zawahiri, second in command of al-Qaida, said last night that the US faced defeat in Iraq and Afghanistan. In a videotape broadcast by the Arab satellite television station al-Jazeera, he said:  quot;The
William Watkins, 78, Recorder of Marine Mammals' Calls, Dies A leading researcher of marine mammal acoustics, William A. Watkins created a database of thousands of underwater calls from more than 70 species.
Xybernaut sews up bright-light mobile PC The flat-panel Atigo T/HB, designed for use in bright outdoor lighting, works as a wearable computer or as a wireless display.
Notebook: James giving Sonics a jump-start Jerome James showed up late to the Sonics #39; home opener, and his lack of substantial playing time in exhibition games hinted at another wasted season full of jokes about a 7-foot-1 guy who couldn #39;t grab a rebound from a toddler.
Franklin claims a test hat-trick DHAKA, Bangladesh -- James Franklin became the second New Zealander to take a test hat-trick, on the second day of the first test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
Firefox - Ready To Take On Internet Explorer? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - While Firefox wins rave reviews for its browser technology and appears ready to chip away at Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) dominant Internet Explorer market share, the open-source browser is probably a long way off from unseating IE in the enterprise.
Games just don #39;t get much better than  #39;San Andreas #39; This country has seen a massive upsurge in morality since Election Day, and nowhere is this more evident than in the commercial failure of the  quot;Grand Theft Auto quot; games.
Kidnappers in Iraq seize Lebanese-American contractor, four &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gunmen abducted a Lebanese-American contractor who worked with the US Army from his Baghdad home, Iraqi officials said Wednesday, while four Jordanian truck drivers were seized by assailants in a separate kidnapping.
India will never become an international liability: Manmohan Singh &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; India News  gt; The Hague: The Indian Prime Minister, Dr Manmohan Singh, has said that despite three changes in government in the past 14 years since the economic reforms were introduced in the country, there has been no roll back in the reforms programme.
Calif. Aims to Limit Farm-Related Smog (AP) AP - Southern California's smog-fighting agency went after emissions of the bovine variety Friday, adopting the nation's first rules to reduce air pollution from dairy cow manure.
Through Strife, Ravens Are Bonding and Winning Through Intimidation Since 1996, the team's first season in Baltimore, the Ravens have projected an image of 11 black helmets swarming to the football, imposing their will with unequaled fervor.
Sanchez wins; Costa bows out in Bucharest Bucharest, Romania (Sports Network) - Defending champion David Sanchez advanced, but former French Open titlist Albert Costa was not as fortunate Monday at the \$460,000 Romanian Open.
Today in Athens Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel of the Netherlands wipes a tear after winning the gold medal in the women #39;s road cycling individual time trial at the Vouliagmeni Olympic Centre in Athens on Wednesday.
IBM announces Lenovo deal IBM Corp. is selling its personal computer business to China #39;s largest PC maker in a \$1.25 billion deal that marks the end of an era for the company that made  quot;PC quot; a household word.
Gartner: Q2 server shipments rise on Sun, Dell strength Server shipments and revenue increased in the second quarter, with low-cost servers based on Linux or the Windows operating system growing faster than their Unix counterparts, according to research firm Gartner Inc.
European Union Extends Review of Microsoft Deal By PAUL GEITNER    BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) -- Software giant Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and the media and entertainment powerhouse Time Warner Inc...
Our crowds are up, say Blues Chelsea today shrugged off concerns about their attendances this season and insisted they are delighted with the support for Jose Mourinho #39;s side.
India,Sports ; Jankovic to joust with Sharapova for semis spot The win puts world number 36 Jankovic into a clash with the current teenage queen of the game Sharapova, who has played only one match to reach the last eight here after a bye.
Mexico Struggles to Preserve Ancient Ruins (Reuters) Reuters - The majestic pyramids and\temples of the ancient Zapotec kingdom of Monte Alban sit\spectacularly atop a hill in Mexico's southern state of Oaxaca.
Jeanne Heads for Bahamas After Killing 3 SAMANA, Dominican Republic - Threatening to regain hurricane strength, Tropical Storm Jeanne headed for the Bahamas on a track for the southeastern United States after killing three people and causing extensive damage in the Caribbean.    The storm forced the evacuation of thousands on Thursday as it slammed into the Dominican Republic after punishing Puerto Rico with flash floods and deadly winds...
Sun ships Java upgrade, focuses on ease of use OCTOBER 01, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Sun Microsystems Inc. this week released Java 2 Platform Standard Edition (J2SE) 5.0, an upgrade of its programming language with more than 100 new features designed to bolster
US launches probe of Fannie Mae woes WASHINGTON -- Federal prosecutors have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giant Fannie Mae , just days after regulators accused the company of shoddy accounting practices, according to sources familiar with the probe.
E.T. phone eBay Sometimes, a piece of soggy cereal is just a piece of soggy cereal. Unless, of course, it bears an uncanny resemblance to history's most beloved extraterrestrial, E.T.
Cricket: Pakistan edge ahead Pakistan take a slim lead over Sri Lanka by the end of the day two in the first Test.
Google Toolbar Using Browser Keywords Function Google Toolbar Using Keywords Function\\Looks like Google is trying to assure placement within the browser one step at a time. The latest update of the Google toolbar includes ""browse by keyword,"" meaing if I type in ""how do I kill this hangover"" into my IE URL field, I will get ...
GM pulls Guy Ritchie car ad after protest Protests from seven safety groups have prompted General Motors to pull a television ad that shows a young boy driving a Corvette sports car so recklessly that it goes airborne, officials of the automaker say.
Dollar in Sight of All-Time Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar was in striking distance of\record lows against the euro and 7-    month lows versus the\yen on Thursday, as traders concluded that nations at an\upcoming G20 meeting would tolerate a weaker dollar.
Dell touts new blades #39; bang for the buck Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
103 arrests for Internet fraud, related crimes since June: US (AFP) AFP - US authorities arrested at least 103 suspects and filed 117 criminal complaints since June 1 in a crackdown on various forms of online fraud, Attorney General John Ashcroft said.
GM pulls Corvette ad with underage driver DETROIT -- General Motors Corp. has withdrawn a Corvette commercial that shows a young boy driving wildly through city streets after safety advocates complained, the company said yesterday.
Three Egyptian policemen killed by Israeli tank fire near border (AFP) AFP - Three Egyptian policemen were killed overnight by Israeli tank fire on the tense border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip when they were mistaken for Palestinian arms smugglers, officials said.
Apple Unwraps New IMac G5s PARIS -- Apple Computer will begin shipping its new IMac G5 desktop computer worldwide in mid-September, the company #39;s top marketing executive says.
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OWINGS MILLS, Maryland (Ticker) --  quot;Prime Time quot; has decided this is the right time to return to the NFL. Deion Sanders, regarded as perhaps the most electrifying cornerback in league history, arrived here
Haas, Dent win openers at Madrid Masters Tommy Haas of Germany and Taylor Dent of the United States advanced to the second round of the Madrid Masters after easy wins Tuesday.
NBA ROUNDUP: O #39;Neal puts on a show for new fans in Miami MIAMI -- Shaquille O #39;Neal swatted away Boris Diaw #39;s lay-up to preserve a 26-point lead, then waved into a nearby television camera the moment he landed on his feet.
Hendrick Motorsports Plane Crash Kills 10 (AP) AP - A plane owned by the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed Sunday on its way to a NASCAR race, killing all 10 people aboard, federal officials said. A spokesman for a funeral home where the bodies were being taken said the dead included the son, brother and two nieces of Rick Hendrick, owner of one of the most successful organizations in NASCAR history.
This week in open-source news Adobe quietly begins testing the waters to increase its involvement in desktop Linux. Also: Open-source Web browsers Mozilla and Firefox post gains over Microsoft's Internet Explorer.
New drug extends multiple sclerosis options 25/11/2004 - The first in a completely new class of drug for multiple sclerosis has been approved in the US, opening up a new avenue of treatment for sufferers of the debilitating diseases and potential blockbuster revenues for developers Elan and Biogen
Parade of Heroes sets the pace for London 2012 bid Many of Britain #39;s Olympic medal winners had already done a lap of honour in Athens, the civic reception and some even appeared on A Question of Sport.
Forget Bextra NEW ORLEANS - This morning, Pfizer was blindsided as The New York Times reported information about a reanalysis of old data that say the drug giant #39;s Bextra, which is similar to Merck #39;s Vioxx, increased the risk of heart attacks and strokes.
Downer dismisses  #39;sexed up #39; Iraq warning claims SYDNEY : Foreign Minister Alexander Downer dismissed newspaper claims the Australian government was repeatedly warned its support for the Iraq war would impede the fight against terrorism.
Mosaic Merger to Take Effect Today Polk County will retain its position at the heart of the US phosphate industry, at least through the end of this decade, following the merger of IMC Global Inc.
Pakistan #39;s top wanted terrorist killed Pakistani security forces Sunday killed the country #39;s most wanted terrorist allegedly involved in an assassination attempt on President Pervez Musharrafand indicted in the murder of a US journalist.
Bekele, Isinbayeva top track athletes Names Ethiopian distance runner Kenenisa Bekele and Russian pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva were named male and female athletes of the year by the world track and field federation. Isinbayeva set eight world records in 2004, including one while winning the gold medal at the Olympics. Bekele won the 10,000 meters in Athens and finished second to Hicham El Guerrouj in ...
Weis Sues Doctors Notre Dame head coach Charlie Weis files suit against the doctors who performed weight-loss surgery on him in 2002 that almost killed him.
Pascual Rodriguez wins 18th stage of Vuelta race; Heras still &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spaniard Javier Pascual Rodriguez inched ahead of Colombia #39;s Ivan Parra at the finish line to take the 18th stage of the Spanish Vuelta cycling tour Thursday.
Nepal Seeks Talks to End Rebel Blockade of Capital  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - The fear of attack kept most vehicles  off roads leading to Nepal's capital for a second day on  Thursday as authorities sought talks to end a siege called by  Maoist insurgents.
Rivals Try to Turn Tables on Charles Schwab By MICHAEL LIEDTKE     SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- With its low prices and iconoclastic attitude, discount stock broker Charles Schwab Corp. (SCH) represented an annoying stone in Wall Street's wing-tipped shoes for decades...
Ivory Coast facing UN sanctions France is pushing to win passage of a UN resolution that seeks an arms embargo and other penalties against the Ivory Coast. France #39;s UN ambassador, Jean-Marc de la Sabliere, hopes for a vote early this week.
Southwest To Bid For ATA Chicago Assets Southwest Airlines said on Friday it will bid at least USD\$100 million for assets of bankrupt ATA Airlines, including taking over six of ATA #39;s 14 gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport and selling tickets on some of each other #39;s flights.
Labor situation deserves honest talk For a moment last week, President Bush escaped the White House spin chamber and was the plainspoken man much of the nation came to like four years ago.
Landslides, floods kill nearly 340 in Philippines MARAGUNDON, Philippines -- A powerful rainstorm triggered landslides and flash floods that killed nearly 340 people in the eastern Philippines, officials said yesterday, and rescuers raced to save those stranded in three coastal towns before a typhoon strikes the hard-hit region.
Pfizer News Sends Blue Chips Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Dow Jones industrial average fell  on Friday after Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; shares opened nearly 19  percent down on trial data for its popular arthritis drug  Celebrex that showed increased risk of heart attack.
Apple Sues Over Web Leak of Advance Products (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc.  is\suing anonymous people who leaked details about new products by\posting information on the Internet, court documents showed on\Friday.
Leggy models wont distract Corretja MADRID: Leggy models as ballgirls won #39;t be a distraction to family man Alex Corretja after the veteran moved into the second round of the Madrid Masters yesterday.
Millar and Ramirez homers highlight big Boston inning The Red Sox thought they were going to have to earn all their runs against the Angels the hard way. Anaheim allowed the fewest numbest of unearned runs in the Majors all season (36).
Kidnap fears for lost tsunami boy Police in tsunami-hit Thailand search for a Swedish boy feared kidnapped by child sex traffickers.
PeopleSoft gets closer to IBM As the threat of a hostile takeover by Oracle rumbles on, PeopleSoft has announced a \$1bn partnership with IBM. Speaking at PeopleSoft #39;s user conference in San Francisco yesterday, the company #39;s chief executive
Sports ; IHF awaiting invitation for Champions Trophy Sports News, New Delhi, Oct 12 (IANS) The Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) is expecting a formal letter of invitation from the game #39;s world governing body to replace Olympic champion Australia in the Champions Trophy at Lahore in December.
Cassini Heads Toward Giant Moon on Saturn (AP) AP - The U.S.-European spacecraft Cassini hurtled Tuesday toward its closest encounter yet with Saturn's giant moon Titan.
Rights activist, environmentalist wins peace prize Wangari Maathai, a Kenyan woman who started an environmental movement that has planted 30 million trees in Africa and who has campaigned for women #39;s rights and greater democracy in her home country, won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize yesterday.
Garcia a key player in Europeans #39; success In the end, the Europeans took their shoes off and threw them into the gallery at Oakland Hills. By Amy Sancetta, AP. Did this mean they were shoo-ins to beat the USA in the Ryder Cup?
Fed #39;s rate hikes expected to continue this week and most of next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Federal Reserve is expected to nudge interest rates up for a fourth time this year on Wednesday, acting on the belief that the economy has finally emerged from an extended  quot;soft patch.
Singapore #39;s unemployment rate eases to 3.4 as economy expands SINGAPORE : Singapore #39;s unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in five years on the back of strong economic growth in the first half of the year, the government said Monday.
Football: Spanish FA apologises The Spanish FA apologises to its English counterparts following racist chanting.
Lockheed Profit Jumps on IT, Jet Demand &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - No. 1 U.S. defense contractor Lockheed\Martin Corp. &lt;LMT.N&gt; reported a 41 percent rise in quarterly\profit on Tuesday, beating Wall Street forecasts, as demand\soared for its combat aircraft and information technology\services.&lt;/p&gt;
Two Aid Workers Killed in Attack on Darfur Aid Convoy  KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Two employees of a British charity  were killed in Sudan's troubled Darfur region on Sunday when  their convoy came under fire, the aid agency said on Monday.
Microsoft reworks antispam spec to silence critics com October 25, 2004, 6:49 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
STMicro may see windfall from Stern satellite move Shock jock Howard Stern #39;s jump to satellite radio could create a \$180 million windfall for Europe #39;s biggest chip maker, STMicroelectronics (STM.
Update 2: US Cybersecurity Chief Abruptly Resigns The government #39;s cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned from the Homeland Security Department amid a concerted campaign by the technology industry and some lawmakers to persuade the Bush administration to give him more authority and money for
Voters Flock to Register by Deadline In a glimpse of what the nation might see a month from now, people lined up at election offices and caused parking lot traffic jams as voter registration deadlines fell Monday in more than a dozen states.    Many officials reported record numbers of new voters, some said they were overwhelmed, and allegations were already flying about fraud and the disqualification of some voters' applications...
NASA confident of debris solution Six months before NASA plans to return the shuttle to space, officials think they #39;ve essentially solved the problem that doomed Columbia in 2003 -- debris coming off its fuel
New EU Executive Chief Announces Revamped Team The incoming head of the European Union #39;s executive body has announced changes to his group of commissioners and says he is ready to go to the European Parliament to seek its approval of his team.
Adams quits as Leicester boss LEICESTER: Mickey Adams has quit as manager of English Championship side Leicester City, the club announced yesterday. Adams #39; resignation was accepted at an emergency meeting of the board of directors at the
Director Leaves Hollinger Inc. Board Hollinger Inc., th #39;e Toronto-based holding company controlled by disgraced media baron Conrad Black, lost an independent director Tuesday when a former general in Canada #39;s armed forces resigned from its board.
Cablevision Narrows Loss on Revenue Surge Cablevision Systems Corp. on Tuesday said it narrowed its third-quarter loss as revenue jumped 20 percent, buoyed by subscriber growth.
Drugstore Offers New Wave of Disposable Cameras  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pharmacy chain CVS Corp. on Thursday  said it would offer the world's first disposable digital camera  with a bright color viewing screen that allows consumers to  instantly preview pictures.
Dillon Relishes Icing Victory Of the 115 rushing yards Corey Dillon rolled up against the Jets on Sunday, it was the final 12 that might have been the most important.
JFK killing fades in intensity WASHINGTON: The 41st anniversary of President John F Kennedy #39;s assassination passed on November 22 - a lot more quietly than earlier ones.
Blair heads to country home for rest after heart op LONDON, Oct 2 (AFP) - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Saturday that he felt in  quot;excellent quot; health as he set off for his official country residence to rest after a successful minor heart operation.
Schultz re-ups with Wild St. Paul, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Wild and defenseman Nick Schultz agreed to terms on a one-year contract Tuesday. Per club policy, financial terms were not disclosed.
Toy Safety Glance 398,000 Bumble Bee toys distributed by Graco Children #39;s Products. Graco received 26 reports of antennae breaking off the toys, including five reports of children who started to choke on the broken parts.
DreamWorks Animation IPO may raise up to \$725M Animated film-maker DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. set its anticipated initial public offering at 29 million shares -- which could raise \$725 million, Reuters is reporting.
Midseason ouster no surprise Unless there #39;s an extenuating circumstance - see the University of Arizona last September - it #39;s generally considered poor form to change football coaches in midseason.
Novell: Microsoft 'sucked \$60 billion' out of IT CEO Jack Messman tells conference crowd that Microsoft's licence fees have hobbled the IT industry.
Turkish Parliament Fails to Pass Reforms (AP) AP - Turkey's parliament adjourned Saturday without passing a key reform package because of divisions over the government's proposal to make adultery a crime, bringing warnings from the European Union that delays could hurt Turkey's chances of membership.
Threat to behead Japanese soldier The group led by wanted terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has said it has abducted a member of Japan #39;s armed forces and is threatening to behead him if the Japanese government does not withdraw its troops from Iraq within 48 hours.
Sun, Microsoft Clause Singles Out Openoffice Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) may have saved itself from years of costly litigation when it settled with Microsoft over their long-running Java dispute, but a clause in the landmark deal has open source supporters parsing its potential impact.
Cape Town F1 bid And they plan to build a multi-million-dollar race track here for the event, an official said today.  quot;The plans for the bid are far advanced.
PeopleSoft Execs Defend Bid Rejection PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company #39;s customer assurance program might not force liabilities on Oracle Corp.
Jags Turnaround Gives Them AFC South Lead (AP) AP - There are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record. The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.
Putin backs veto for members of expanded Security Council Russian President Vladimir Putin yesterday rejected a key recommendation of a United Nations panel on expanding the UN Security Council, saying any reform would be one-sided if new members did not have veto power.
Sparkle starts shipping GeForce 6600 GT AGP &lt;a href=""http://www.hardwareanalysis.com/content/article/1755/""&gt;GeForce 6600GT AGP, as good as it gets?&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Hardware Analysis&lt;/nobr&gt;
Dream Team Leads Spain 44-42 at Halftime ATHENS, Greece - As expected, the U.S. men's basketball team had its hands full in a quarterfinal game against Spain on Thursday...
Virus-Free Macs  #147;The single most effective way to avoid viruses and spyware is to simply chuck Windows altogether and buy an Apple Macintosh, #148; writes Walt Mossberg in the Wall Street Journal.  #147;There has never been a successful virus written for Mac OS X, and there is almost no spyware that targets the Mac. Plus, the Mac is invulnerable to viruses and spyware written for Windows. Not only is it more secure, but the Mac operating system is more capable, more modern and more attractive than Windows XP, and just as stable. #148; Sep 17
New Grand Theft Auto Video Game Heads to Xbox (Reuters) Reuters - Video game hit ""Grand Theft Auto:\San Andreas"" is coming to the Xbox and personal computer\platforms next June, publisher Take-Two Interactive Software\Inc. said on Thursday.
Bush, Kerry Start Last Campaign Dash in Nevada (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and Democratic Sen.\John Kerry began a 19-day sprint to the Nov. 2 election on\Thursday in the swing state of Nevada, where the White House\rivals renewed their fight over who offered the best leadership\for the middle class.
US, Iraqi Forces in New Push to Retake Rebel Zone US and Iraqi forces pushed on with their second major offensive in a week Wednesday, hunting insurgents in a triangle southwest of Baghdad that has become one of Iraq #39;s most notorious hot spots.
Indonesia May Prosecute Newmont Mining (AP) AP - Indonesia is proceeding with plans to prosecute U.S.-based Newmont Mining for allegedly polluting a bay in central Indonesia, accusing the company Wednesday of giving investigators incomplete information about its waste disposal method.
Yao Thrills Capacity Crowd at First China NBA Game (Reuters) Reuters - Yao Ming's Houston Rockets squeezed\past the Sacramento Kings on Thursday in the first NBA game to\be played in China, a country the fast-growing basketball\league deems a potential marketing mecca.
Human lives mere pawns in game of political expediency IT WOULD have been obtuse to miss the streak of smug satisfaction in the Western response to the seizure by Al-Qaeda #39;s Pakistani allies of two Chinese engineers working on Pakistan #39;s
U.S. Defends Detentions The Bush administration argued Monday that the president can detain enemy combatants at a military prison in Cuba as long as necessary to protect national security and that they have no constitutional rights to hear charges against them.
Fiat and General Motors to square up in Switzerland MILAN (AFP) - Sharp differences between the Fiat Group and General Motors over an option by Fiat to sell its loss-making auto operations to GM will be the focus of a meeting between the two companies in Zurich on Tuesday.
Ask Jeeves revamps search engine Ask Jeeves Inc. has made three significant enhancements to its search engine, as the Emeryville, California company continues to take aim at its much larger competitors
Greene Leads No. 8 Georgia to Rout of Kentucky LEXINGTON, Kentucky (Sports Network) - David Greene became the winningest quarterback in Division IA history and Thomas Brown ran for 130 yards with three touchdowns to lead eighth-ranked Georgia to a 62-17 rout of Kentucky at Commonwealth Stadium.
2 US workers seized in Baghdad  BAGHDAD -- Kidnappers seized two Americans and a Briton from their central Baghdad villa at dawn yesterday, in a bold raid that could further limit the mobility of foreigners in the Iraqi capital.
Schumacher escapes high-speed practice crash SAO PAULO, Oct 23 (AFP) - World champion Michael Schumacher was involved in a high-speed crash in Saturday #39;s practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Honey, did you remember to call the DVD recorder? The machine has a 400GB hard disk drive, is capable of zapping video elsewhere in a home, and is designed to let consumers program recording remotely over the Internet--including via cell phones.
It #39;s got to be Cole on the left Football365 #39;s top pundit looks ahead to England #39;s international double-header and calls for Joe Cole to be given the nod on the left... Of the three left-sided options available to Sven-Goran Eriksson on Saturday, I would personally go for Joe Cole.
Tech Firms, FBI to Fight 'Phishing' Scams Together (Reuters) Reuters - Internet companies and\law-enforcement agencies said on Wednesday they will work\together to track down online scam artists who pose as banks\and other legitimate businesses, a practice known as\""phishing.""
Harrowing footage shows Hassan pleading for her life Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker, appeared in a new and harrowing video yesterday, weeping and asking Tony Blair to save her life by halting the deployment of British
Oracle #39;s Ellison happy as \$5.5m Larry LARRY Ellison, the chief executive of software maker Oracle, earned \$US3.85 million (\$5.53 million) in salary and bonus for the financial year that ended May 31.
Colombia Accuses Cos. of Illegal Imports The Colombian government has filed a lawsuit accusing Pernod Ricard SA, Diageo PLC and Seagram Export Sales Co. of illegally importing spirits via Colombian companies that launder drug money.
No. 5 North Carolina 63, No. 24 Villanova 56 The North Carolina Tar Heels put their lackluster first half behind them. Then they did the same to Villanova. After scoring just 25 points in the first half, the No.
Election chaos? (U.S. News   World Report) U.S. News   World Report - Michael Cadigan's day job is practicing commercial law in Albuquerque. But over eggs at the trendy Gold Street Caffe in the heart of downtown, he and a dozen other lawyers are immersing themselves in the intricacies of election law. On Election Day, they plan to be out in force for Democrat John Kerry at polling places across New Mexico, where Al Gore won in 2000 by just 366 votes.  quot;We know there was a lot of monkey business with counting ballots before, quot; says Cadigan.  quot;We want to make sure that doesn't happen again. ...
Oil bounces higher amid fears of supply disruption Oil prices bounced higher on Friday following two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in the US and a move by China to cool its economy.
Wal-Mart Anchors Windows Media Mall The world #39;s largest software company has teamed with the world #39;s largest retailer to help kick off the latest version of Windows Media Player.
Poland opens Katyn probe Polish war crimes prosecutors examine the 1940 deaths of members of the Polish elite in Russia's Katyn Forest.
Top Zarqawi Aide Captured in Iraq A lieutenant of Iraq's most feared insurgent leader, Abu Musab Zarqawi, was captured this week, the country's national security minister said Thursday.
Palestinians investigate rumours that Israel poisoned Arafat THE Palestinian Authority is to set up an official commission of inquiry into Yasser Arafats death amid increasing rumours among the Palestinian public that he was poisoned by Israel.
Picture 7 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
TV's Passport Stamp of Approval The sixth season of a popular reality television show is ready to rock the world.
British police arrest radical cleric Abu Hamza (AFP) AFP - Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri, already detained in London on an extradition request from the United States, was arrested under suspicion of committing or preparing terrorism acts within Britain.
Sluman shoots course-mark 62 Consistency was the key to Jeff Sluman #39;s record-breaking round on Thursday on the difficult Copperhead Course at the Westin Innisbrook Resort.
India to get started on Starter Edition The Redmond, Wash.-based software giant today announced a year-long pilot program to start shipping the Windows XP Starter Edition to India in early 2005.
Royals pain for Tigers; KC wins season series For all their rejuvenation, the Tigers have lost the season series to the Kansas City Royals, who own the American League #39;s worst record and don #39;t have a winning mark against another AL club.
Baseball-Red Sox on Brink of World Series Victory  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - Pedro Martinez pitched seven shutout  innings and Manny Ramirez hit a home run as the Boston Red Sox  beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4-1 Tuesday, moving to the brink  of their first World Series title since 1918.
Washington Contractors' Sales Increase Companies that provide federal agencies with network integration and payroll accounting technologies are benefiting from a government trying to bolster its defenses against terrorism, experts say. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
OPEC Eyes Caution, Supply Weighs on Price  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil  output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear  of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.
Oil Hits \$51 a Barrel on Supply Outage  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices hit a new record of more  than \$51 a barrel Tuesday as a prolonged U.S. production outage  following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying.
Credit Suisse to Combine US Unit Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-largest bank, said Tuesday it will combine its US-based Credit Suisse First Boston investment unit with its retail and private banking business within two years.
US planes again hit Sadr City BAGHDAD US warplanes fired on targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Thursday, the second day of fighting in the Shiite militia stronghold.
'Frankenfish' Caught in Great Lakes (Reuters) Reuters - The dreaded Northern Snakehead, a\voracious predator dubbed the ""Frankenfish"" that can breathe\out of water and wriggle across land, has invaded the Great\Lakes, authorities said on Friday.
Trans-Tasman war hots up AIR New Zealand and Qantas Airways face the prospect of intensifying competition on its trans-Tasman route from other airlines now that a proposed alliance between the pair has been blocked, according to analysts.
Attorney general is on target with aim at insurance industry ills State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has embarked on another crusade against an industry whose wealth-fueled influence makes most politicians cower.
Crude oil futures fall to US\$46 per barrel after moving above \$47 Crude oil futures fell Tuesday after moving above \$47 US a barrel in intraday trading. December delivery crude on the New York Mercantile Exchange dropped 76 cents to \$46.11 per barrel.
Madrid Bomb Victims Criticize 'Schoolyard Politics'  MADRID (Reuters) - Victims of the Madrid train bombings  issued a stinging rebuke to politicians for seeking to gain  from the tragedy that killed 191 people, injecting humility  into a previously raucous parliamentary investigation.
Don #39;t expect Tiger to relinquish his top ranking without a fight They #39;re calling Ohio a  quot;battleground state, quot; one of the two or three places likely to decide November #39;s presidential election. On local TV, the Bush and Kerry ads air so frequently that it #39;s easy to forget it #39;s Bob Costas who actually runs the country.
Els Eases Into Final Defending champion Ernie Els beat Padraig Harrington 5 and 4 yesterday to move into the final of the World Match Play Championship.
Military Buoys Profit at Defense Firms  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Robust demand for military equipment  and technology led four U.S. defense companies to post higher  quarterly profit on Wednesday, with jet maker Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt;  reporting a 78 percent jump in earnings despite a decline in  commercial airplane revenue.
Fed #39;s Pianalto upbeat on growth, inflation WASHINGTON : The Federal Reserve #39;s policy of gradual interest rate hikes is a sign the US economy does not need the stimulus that low rates supply, according to Cleveland Fed president Sandra Pianalto.
Cricket: Dubai global academy The International Cricket Council are to open a global cricket academy designed to improve standards of lesser nations.
Yanks shock Twins, earn date with Sox: Another late rally erases 4 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Just when you think you #39;ve seen it all, the Yankees devise a new way to win a game and torture their opponents. Last night, they somehow landed a spot in the American League
Torch passed on winning goal ATHENS -- America #39;s gold-medal soccer players don #39;t just say goodbye; they say hello.  quot;The thing I love, quot; retiring captain Julie Foudy said,  quot;is that Tarpley and Wambach scored.
Sony takes on Nintendo in portable game console market with PSP (AFP) AFP - Sony launched a frontal assault on Nintendo's domination of the portable game console market by kicking off Japan sales of its new PlayStation Portable (PSP), drawing huge lines in Tokyo.
Expansion may lead to division The Asia-Europe Meeting, ASEM, will hold its fifth summit in Hanoi in October amidst a recent crisis over the inclusion of Myanmar.
Nokia wins 115-million-dollar network deal from Brazil's Oi Celular (AFP) AFP - Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said it had received a 115-million-dollar (90-million-euro) order to expand Oi Celular's second-generation GSM network in Brazil.
Australia #39;s Seven FY Net Jumps 59 To A\$93.3M -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian television broadcaster Seven Network Ltd. (SEV) said Tuesday net profit jumped 59 to A\$93.3 million for the fiscal year ended June 26, boosted by profit proceeds from the sell down of its stake in B Digital.
Japan Gadget Turns Plants Into Speakers (AP) AP - The therapeutic power of flowers takes on new meaning with a Japanese gadget that turns plants into audio speakers, making the petals and leaves tremble with good vibrations.
Afghans rocky road to historic elections KALAKAN, Afghanistan There were toothless old men, turbaned and gray-bearded, and young men not yet old enough to shave. There were mullahs and mujahedeen, and the presidential candidate #39;s 3-year-old son.
Return of Relics to Rekindle Catholic-Orthodox Dialogue VATICAN CITY, NOV. 25, 2004 (Zenit.org).- Theological dialogue between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches is expected to resume after the relics of Sts.
New Chechen Leader Vows Peace, Poll Criticized  GROZNY, Russia (Reuters) - Chechnya's new leader vowed on  Monday to rebuild the shattered region and crush extremists,  after winning an election condemned by rights groups as a  stage-managed show and by Washington as seriously flawed.
The Newest Hope ; Marriage of Necessity Just Might Work Out NEW YORK - The TV lights were on, the cameras rolled and the symphony of cameras flashing in his face blinded Pedro Martinez - but not for long.
Dutchman suspected of aiding Saddam in war crimes is arrested A MAN suspected of helping former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein commit war crimes and genocide by supplying him with materials for chemical weapons, has been arrested by the Netherlands authorities.
Kerry Pledges to Create Higher-Paying Jobs (AP) AP - John Kerry headed to closely divided Pennsylvania and Wisconsin to tell voters he could produce better, higher-paying jobs from the White House than President Bush has.
New Spasm of Violence Sweeps Iraq, Killing 110  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - At least 110 people were killed across  Iraq on Sunday in a sharp escalation of violence that saw gun  battles, car bombs and bombardments rock the capital.
Report: On tape, trainer says Bonds used drug in '03 SAN FRANCISCO -- Slugger Barry Bonds took an undetectable performance-enhancing drug during the 2003 season, his weight trainer said on a secretly recorded tape, the San Francisco Chronicle reported yesterday.
Live: Olympics day four Richard Faulds and Stephen Parry are going for gold for Great Britain on day four in Athens.
CA, Partners Move On As Kumar Faces Charges Concern over the fate of former Computer Associates International chairman and CEO Sanjay Kumar accompanied the collective sigh of relief felt by CA partners last week when federal prosecutors settled a two-year-old accounting fraud investigation with the
Asian rust poses problem to area farmers David Martz, like many other area farmers, just sighed upon hearing the news that Asian soybean rust had been discovered in Louisiana.
Pornsters face life in China smut crackdown China is stepping up its hard line against internet pornography by threatening life imprisonment for anyoner caught peddling porn.
Karzai deputy escapes a roadside bombing A deputy to Afghanistan #39;s president, Hamid Karzai, escaped a roadside bombing in northern Afghanistan on Monday, just four days after a rocket was fired at Karzai #39;s helicopter as he was heading to a campaign event for the Oct. 9 elections.
Four Hurricanes Hurting Florida Economy (AP) AP - Normally at this time of the year, labor contractor Jose Luis Avalos would be assembling a crew of workers who could each earn  #36;1,500 to  #36;2,000 a week in the area's abundant citrus groves.
Photo gallery: Bill Gates' home on Lake Washington Webshots users offer their photos of Bill Gates mansion in Medina, Wash.
BLOG That #39;s the most look-ed up world on Merriam-Webster #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A FOUR-LETTER term that came to symbolise the difference between old and new media tops US dictionary publisher Merriam-Webster #39;s list of the 10 words of the year.
Senegal #39;s Camara scores first goals for Celtic in 3-0 win Senegal striker Henri Camara scored his first two goals for champions Celtic in their 3-0 win against Dundee in the Scottish Premier League on Saturday.
NetRatings survey shows broadband users now a majority in US AUGUST 18, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A majority of US home Internet users now have broadband, according to a survey by NetRatings Inc.
Kansas City Royals Team Report - August 31 (Sports Network) - The Kansas City Royals try to get back on the winning track this evening when they continue their three-game series with the Detroit Tigers at Kauffman Stadium.
Sharon, Under Pressure, Snubs Gaza Referendum Call  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli leader Ariel Sharon rejected  calls from within his divided cabinet on Wednesday for a  referendum on leaving Gaza after winning parliament's support  to uproot settlements from land claimed by Palestinians.
Telecom lifts first quarter net profit 19pc Telecom Corp today reported its September first quarter net profit rose 19 per cent to \$193 million. The profit bettered analysts #39; average forecasts of \$185m.
Iraq #39;s Government in Talks with Sunni, Shi #39;ite Leaders Iraq #39;s interim government is engaged in cease-fire talks with Sunni and Shi #39;ite leaders in an effort to restore calm to violent parts of Iraq before January #39;s scheduled election.
NL Wrap: Backe Pitches, Hits Astros to Win Over Reds Brandon Backe pitched seven innings and clubbed a two-run homer, the first of his major league career, to earn the Houston Astros an 11-5 triumph over the Cincinnati Reds in the National League Monday.
U.S. Alone Among Allies in Centralizing Spy Powers  BERLIN (Reuters) - By creating a new, all-powerful director  of national intelligence, the United States departs radically  from the practice in most of its Western allies where  spymasters shun the public gaze and work by committee.
Minding the Search Engine Business Microsoft just swears that it hasn #39;t given up on Internet Explorer and that it #39;s really, really important to the future of Microsoft, to the next version of Windows, etc.
Giga counters They #39;re bold, brash and break most rules of business -- so why are the Google guys multi-billionaires? GOOGLE Inc had plenty to celebrate at its recent annual summer picnic -- its debut as a public company
Surrey poised to sign Harbhajan Surrey are waiting for approval from the Board of Control for Cricket in India before announcing Harbhajan Singh as an overseas signing for 2005.
AL Wrap: Oakland's Durazo Piles on Misery for Baltimore (Reuters) Reuters - Erubiel Durazo's three-run homer in\the second inning helped the Oakland Athletics remain top of\the American League (AL) West with a 9-4 win over the reeling\Baltimore Orioles Thursday.
Williams Rejects Deal, Says He Won #39;t Return in 2005 Miami Dolphins tailback Ricky Williams has no immediate plans to resume his NFL career and, at least for now, intends to stay in retirement, according to his attorney.
Apple Blocks Use of RealNetworks #39; Music on iPod Photo Apple has updated software on its iPod Photo digital music player to prevent users from playing music bought from RealNetworks #39; online music store.
Astros 2, Cardinals 1 Jeff Bagwell drove in two runs and Brandon Backe pitched five solid innings to help the Houston Astros gain ground in the NL wild-card race with a 2-1 win over the St.
Impact of euro played down The damage to exports caused by a stronger euro has been played down by a member of the European Central Bank #39;s governing council in remarks highlighting the bank #39;s limited concern about the currency #39;s rise.
Game 5 marathon rated highly with viewers Monday's Game 5 of the Red Sox-Yankees series showed an interesting ratings pattern. The window from 5:15-8 p.m., the time allotted for the telecast, did a 42.2 rating and 66 audience share in Boston. Those are terrific numbers for any market. The better news for Fox was that the game was only half-over at that point.
Baseball #39;s return: a long time coming for DC The last time the nation #39;s capital was home to the national pastime, the game was literally a riot. Fans stormed the field with two outs in the ninth inning of the Washington Senators #39; farewell appearance at RFK Stadium on Sept.
Guinea-Bissau Soldiers Stage Mutiny, Kill Army Chief Mutinous soldiers demanding pay for peacekeeping duty abroad killed the commander of Guinea-Bissau #39;s armed forces on Wednesday and seized key buildings in the capital of the former Portuguese colony.
Sluman, Byrd split lead; many bubbles burst Jeff Sluman and Jonathan Byrd were tied for the lead at the Chrysler Championship, both knowing the tournament really doesn #39;t start until the weekend.
Finley #39;s slam wins wild West for LA LOS ANGELES - Steve Finley immediately raised his arms over his head, as if to show there really might be a Great Dodger in the Sky looking after him and the Los Angeles franchise after a nine-year title drought.
Davenport wins in Cincinnati American Lindsay Davenport captured her fourth consecutive title, beating second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-3, 6-2 in the final of the \$US170,000 WTA Cincinnati Open on Sunday.
Apple to give its stores a Mini Me look The Mac maker has big plans to expand its network of retail outlets by creating small versions of its stores.
Oracle Fails to Inspire Tech Rally Oracle Corp. handed the software industry some positive earnings news after the bell on Tuesday, but investors pulled cash from the sector on concerns that information technology spending has become anemic.
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double The world's top air-express shipper said earnings soared on strong revenue growth in its international, ground and freight services.
Freddie tightens controls Mortgage giant Freddie Mac announced Monday that it is shutting down some operations of its debt-securities sales division and transferring others - moves that experts said should tighten the company #39;s internal controls after an
Ulmer storms to gold New Zealand #39;s Sarah Ulmer stormed to gold in the women #39;s individual pursuit in a new world record time. Ulmer, fourth in Sydney four years ago, beat Australia #39;s Katie Mactier in a time of three minutes 24.
Atlantic City settlement In an agreement that could have significant implications for locked- out San Francisco hotel workers, striking casino workers in Atlantic City today are expected to ratify a deal that offers lucrative benefits but abandons the union #39;s strategy to
Blunkett gets tougher on drugs New police powers to prosecute offenders for possession if they test positive for drugs when they are arrested, even if the only drugs they have are in their bloodstream, are to be announced this week.
Attacks on Disney's Eisner Abate On Friday, the former Disney directors who led a shareholder rebellion aimed at the ouster of Disney's chief executive and other directors this year said they had dropped plans to run a slate of directors at next year's shareholders meeting.
Chinese President Meets With Castro (AP) AP - Chinese President Hu Jintao met with Fidel Castro Monday for talks focusing on the broadening ties between Cuba and China, which has become the island's third-largest trading partner.
Times to go completely compact The Times newspaper has announced that it is to move on from its tradition of publishing in a broadsheet format and will appear in a compact size only, starting on Monday.
Eriksson doesn #39;t feel any extra pressure following scandal NEWCASTLE, England (AP) - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said Tuesday he isn #39;t under any extra pressure in the aftermath of a scandal that damaged the Football Association #39;s reputation.
Symantec to Buy Veritas for \$13.5 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Security software maker Symantec Corp.  has agreed to buy Veritas Software Corp. for \$13.5 billion,  expanding into the backup and recovery software market, the  companies said on Thursday.
Markets Celebrate Bush Victory Wall Street threw a victory rally for President Bush today, driving up the entire market -- especially the stocks that investors believe will benefit from even more dominant Republican control of the federal government.
Qualcomm Raises Earnings Forecast Qualcomm Inc. on Friday raised its quarterly profit forecast due to strong demand for its mobile phone technology. The San Diego company said it expects earnings per
Modified US space shuttle ready to fly next spring NASA said Thursday it had corrected flaws that caused the destruction of the space shuttle Columbia in February 2003 and that a modified shuttle would be ready to resume flights sometime next Spring.
New iMac packs computer into flat screen PARIS Apple Computer engineered another design coup on Tuesday, unveiling a new iMac here that incorporates all of the personal computer #39;s innards into a flat-panel screen that balances on an aluminum stand.
Midtier ERP Vendors Can Capitalize On Oracle Antitrust Verdict The door is open for Oracle to win its bid for PeopleSoft, and for midmarket ERP vendors to increase their business. By Elena Malykhina.
Nonnative Goats Bunking at Yellowstone (AP) AP - A new study shows mountain goats are taking hold in Yellowstone National Park, but park officials aren't sure how to handle the presence of the nonnative animals.
Agassi Overcomes Verdasco Power  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Andre Agassi marched into the  Stockholm Open semifinals Friday, beating Spanish eighth seed  Fernando Verdasco 7-6, 6-2 in his toughest match of the  tournament.
Germany's New Reality Undercut by vastly cheaper labor in neighboring Poland and by increasing global competition, the union at Adam Opel AG acceded to a plan by General Motors Corp. to cut 12,000 jobs throughout Europe.
Shake-up at British retailer LONDON Marks  amp; Spencer announced a management shake-up Tuesday that cost six senior executives their jobs, as the company said profit plunged and sales dipped in its home market for the first half of 2004.
Lehman in Talks to Buy UK Hedge Fund -WSJ (Reuters) Reuters - Investment bank Lehman Brothers\Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a large\British hedge fund, the Wall Street Journal reported on\Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
Novell ships Desktop Linux for the enterprise NOVELL Inc has announced the availability of the Novell Linux Desktop 9, powered by SuSE Linux. Backed by Novells extensive enterprise-level support, training and consulting services, Novell Linux Desktop
UN Signs Pact with New World Court Opposed by U.S.  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations signed a  cooperation agreement on Monday with the new International  Criminal Court, despite objections to the tribunal from the  United States.
Symantec Said to Be in Talks for Veritas Symantec, which produces the Norton line of computer products, is in talks to acquire Veritas Software, a maker of data backup programs.
AOL To Add Free Anti-Virus Service For Members America Online on Thursday said it would give away a formerly for-fee virus scanning service when it releases a special security-focused edition of its software next month.
Junior: Late father  #39;had a lot to do #39; with rescue NEW YORK -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. has trouble remembering those frantic seconds when he escaped from his burning racecar. He believes, however, that his late father figured in his survival.
Warren Is Told Not to Get Personal The NFL cautioned Cleveland Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren not to pick up a personal foul penalty against Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger during tomorrow #39;s game.
Update 1: Oracle Raises Offer for PeopleSoft Software manufacturer Oracle Corp. said Monday that it raised its hostile bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc. to \$24 per share from \$21, and said the new price represents the company #39;s  quot;best and final offer.
Sidebar: Microsoft Enters Data Backup Arena SEPTEMBER 27, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - CHICAGO -- Microsoft #39;s announcement of a disk-to-disk backup application designed to consolidate data backups on Windows servers positions the company to compete against storage management stalwarts such as Veritas
Running may have defined the body Next time you drive past a jogger on the street, give her a honk and a wave - she #39;s honing the skill that helped define the human body, according to a study by researchers from the University of Utah and Harvard.
Palestinian Attack Kills Woman in Gaza Settlement (Reuters) Reuters - A Palestinian mortar bomb slammed into a\house in a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip Friday, killing\a woman and fueling settler anger over Prime Minister Ariel\Sharon's plan to pull Israelis out of the area.
NFL Fines Saints' Gleason  #36;5,000 for Punch (AP) AP - Steve Gleason of the New Orleans Saints was fined  #36;5,000 by the NFL on Wednesday after being thrown out of last week's game with Carolina for punching the Panthers' Kemp Rasmussen at the end of a kickoff return.
Rebels use late TD to top Gamecocks COLUMBIA, S.C. -- Ethan Flatt found Bill Flowers in the corner of the end zone for a 29-yard touchdown pass with 1:05 left to give Mississippi a 31-28 victory over No. 25 South Carolina yesterday.
Google Unveils Scholar Search Tool JACKSONVILLE, FL -- The online search engine leader Google has unveiled a new tool for scholarly research. The new service is aimed at making better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the web and it
-Posted by dave.rosenberg  1:51 pm (PDT) In what seems to be one of the more bizarre and confusing aspects of the unholy alliance between Sun and Microsoft, Sun #39;s recent 10k filingincludes previously unseen legalese from the settlement agreement.
Consumer Prices Rise 0.2 in November Consumer prices rose by a mild 0.2 percent in November as costs for gasoline and food products calmed down after posting sharp increases the month before.
Adobe Services Now Via Yahoo! Adobe Systems and Internet provider Yahoo! have announced a tie-up aimed at providing consumer services to Internet users. The two companies will introduce integrated products that feature Adobe services, increase the reach of Yahoo!
Sears gets a boost from Vornado Vornado Realty Trust gave Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. #39;s stock a big boost Friday when it said it bought a 4.3 percent stake in the famous but struggling chain.
Putin Visits Chechnya Ahead of Election (AP) AP - Russian President Vladimir Putin made an unannounced visit to Chechnya on Sunday, laying flowers at the grave of the war-ravaged region's assassinated president a week before elections for a new leader.
Dell unveils holiday lineup, including new plasma TVs OCTOBER 15, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Dell Inc. took the wraps off its holiday lineup on Thursday, showing new printers, plasma televisions and music players that will soon be available through its Web site.
WTO approves sanctions against US The European Union, Japan and others will be able to impose heavy sanctions against US firms dumping goods from early next year.
Firefox invades market PROGRESS: Many students eagerly await the final version of Mozilla #39;s Firefox Internet browser that will be released later this month.
Jobless Claims Drop The US Labor Department said Thursday the number of individuals who filed for unemployment insurance fell to a six-week low last week.
Consumer spending jumped in September WASHINGTON - Consumers, who substantially slowed down their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 percent.
Bush vows to cut deficit President Bush pledged yesterday to work with Congress to reduce the government #39;s huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.
Lackluster Jobs Report Pushes Stocks Down NEW YORK - Investors pushed stocks lower Friday as a surprisingly lackluster job creation report deepened Wall Street's pessimism over the health of the economy. A solid earnings report from General Electric Co...
Merck Posts 3Q Profit Drop on Vioxx Pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. said Thursday that third-quarter earnings dropped significantly year-over-year on charges related to the withdrawal of Vioxx from the market.
Lucent's history a case study in wild rides If you've ever wondered what ignited America's late-1990s obsession with telecom and tech stocks, you could well argue it all started with Lucent Technologies .
Is fair trade coffee a beachhead for bananas? GUILDERLAND, NY Socially conscious consumers have made fair trade brews a rapidly growing niche of the coffee market. The beans can now be found on supermarket shelves next to the Folgers and in the espresso at Dunkin #39; Donuts.
Soccer: Juventus beat Fiorentina 1-0 in Italian league match ROME : Juventus extended their lead at the top of Serie A to six points after they scraped a 1-0 home win over Fiorentina and closest rivals AC Milan were held to a goalless draw at Brescia.
Bangladesh boss slams detractors Bangladesh's coach says they still deserve Test status after their 30th defeat, to India.
Will your phone become your credit card? Motorola is working with MasterCard to introduce a ""lifestyle changing"" credit card phone by year's end.
UN Nuclear Agency Confirms Tons Of Explosives Missing Vienna, Austria -- The UN nuclear watchdog agency says it #39;s concerned tons of missing explosives in Iraq  quot;could have fallen into the wrong hands.
EU, US Talks on Aircraft Aid Grounded US and EU negotiators disagreed on Thursday about state aid for aircraft rivals Airbus and Boeing, winding up no closer on a sensitive issue that has gathered steam before the US presidential election.
Durable Goods Orders Up 0.2 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. orders for long-lasting durable\goods rose by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in September,\held back by another sharp fall in commercial aircraft,\government data showed on Wednesday.
Health Care Technology Is a Promise Unfinanced While the Bush administration's words of support for a high-technology future for health care have been plentiful, the dollars, it seems, are scarce.
Prosecutors Say Ebbers Lied to Obtain Loans Court documents show federal prosecutors have told lawyers for former WorldCom Inc. chief executive Bernard J. Ebbers that they plan to argue he lied about the telecommunications giant's financial condition in order to get personal loans. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Going ballistic: Agni-II test fired NEW DELHI: Indias quest to develop a solid missile defence took a step forward today when it successfully test-fired the surface-to-surface Agni-II missile, which can cover targets in the 2000-2500 kms-range, from the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at
Douglas, Fraser, and blue await you Jim McLeod has a great day job, but a seasonal sideline is his  #39; #39;tree #39; #39; calling. Throughout the year, he #39;s president and owner of a software company called InfoCode Corp.
Strong Server, PC Sales Boost Microsoft Revenue The company's earnings beat Wall Street expectations.
Oceanic storms make the Earth  #39;hum #39; Did you know that the Earth is constantly humming ie it produces a low frequency noise which can be picked up in the 2 to 7 mHz (millihertz) range, a range far below the one human ears can detect and scientist have now found that it is the energy produced
Int #39;l conference calls for mine-free world Senior officials of 143 governments are calling for the total ban of production and use of anti-personnel landmine. Senior government officials of 143 countries across the world
United Arab Emirates trap shooter secures nation #39;s first Olympic gold Sheik Ahmed bin Hashr Al-Maktoum earned the first-ever Olympic medal for the United Arab Emirates when he took home the gold medal in men #39;s double trap shooting on Tuesday in Athens.
Mauresmo Rallies to Take Advanta Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top seed Amelie Mauresmo rallied to  beat Russia's sixth-seeded Vera Zvonareva 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 to  complete a successful defense of her Advanta championship title  in Philadelphia on Sunday.
Study: 39 Million Americans In Working Poor Families WASHINGTON -- A new report indicates that one in every five US jobs pays less than a poverty-level wage for a family of four. As a result, nearly 39 million Americans, including 20 million children, are members
Hicks Muse Pays for ConAgra's Swift Stake  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConAgra Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CAG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said private equity firm Hicks, Muse, Tate   Furst Inc.  exercised its option to buy the company's minority stake in  Swift Foods, and that ConAgra received \$194 million in the  transaction.
Treos to sync to MS Exchange palmOne has licensed Microsoft #39;s Exchange Server ActiveSync protocol for use on future Treo devices, allowing for wireless server synchronization.
Off-day would have been welcomed by Sox After another disappointing road trip - the White Sox were 3-4 on a swing through Detroit and Cleveland - a day off sure would look enticing.
Update 1: United Airlines to Slash US Flights As part of its bid to emerge profitably from bankruptcy, United Airlines announced plans Wednesday to slash its domestic flight schedule, increase its more profitable international schedule and reduce the size of its fleet over the next six months.
Cal Extends Tedford California Bears head coach Jeff Tedford agrees to a five-year contract extension through 2009 on Monday.
LPGA's Nabisco to Change Dates in 2006 (AP) AP - The Kraft Nabisco Championship will be played one week later than usual starting in 2006, preventing the LPGA Tour's first major from getting lost among other big sporting events.
Intel To Start Tech Forum with New Chips Intel is expected to kick off its semi-annual developer forum Tuesday by demonstrating a new dual-core processor, something rival AMD showed off last week.
Australia 362-7 v India, third test - close (Reuters) Reuters - Australia were 362 for seven wickets at the close of play on the first day of their third cricket test against India on Tuesday.
Sainsbury takes profit hit J Sainsbury will take a 550 million (\$991 million) hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share, Britain #39;s third-biggest supermarket chain said Tuesday.
Saddam #39;s aides set to go on trial Trials of some of Saddam Hussein #39;s aides will begin next week, Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said. Speaking to Iraq #39;s National Council, he did not name the lieutenants that would go on trial or say when Saddam himself would appear in court.
Ross Stores Profit Plummets 40 Percent (AP) AP - Discount retailer Ross Stores Inc. Wednesday said its profit fell about 40 percent in the latest quarter due to problems with a new computer system that limited the company's ability to respond to changes in customer demand.
Thailand to prosecute 300 Muslims detained in deadly riot BANGKOK : Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said the government would prosecute 300 Muslims detained at a riot this week that led to the deaths of 87 protesters, while another 900 would be released.
Giants #39; Frustration Seeps to Surface as Slide Continues At about the moment a melee broke out on the Giants #39; sideline Sunday - after Eagles linebacker Jeremiah Trotter hit Giants quarterback Eli Manning out of bounds
Glazer buys more Man United shares American business tycoon Malcolm Glazer has increased his stake in Manchester United by buying another 17million worth of shares in the club.
Hakkinen back at Mercedes Finland #39;s two-time Formula One champion Mika Hakkinen ended his three year exile from motor sport on Saturday agreeing to drive for the Mercedes team in the 2005 German Touring Car Championship.
Prince Charles chastised for  quot;old fashioned quot; views A minister has launched a scathing attack on heir to the throne Prince Charles, accusing him of being  quot;very old fashioned quot; and out of touch in his views on teaching in schools.
FCC asks high court to rule on broadband (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The federal government is challenging an appeals court ruling that, officials fear, would stifle the expansion of cable broadband services by burdening the providers with new regulations.
Socceroos lead at break The Socceroos lead the Solomon Islands 4-0 at half-time in their Confederations Cup qualifier in Honiara. A double from midfielder Josip Skoko and strikes to Ante Milicic and the impressive Brett Emerton have
Martha Stewart reports to jail to begin sentence the time she had to report to the country #39;s oldest federal prison for women. service of her sentence, quot; a Federal Bureau of Prisons statement said.
Premier swallows Bird #39;s custard Bird #39;s custard and Angel Delight are back in British hands after a 70m deal announced yesterday. The famous brands have been bought by Premier Foods, owner of Ambrosia custard and Rowntrees jelly, from the US food group Kraft.
No Peace Until S.Korea Explains Atomic Tests-North  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea will not dismantle its  nuclear programs or improve ties with South Korea until  questions about the South's nuclear experiments are clearly  answered, Pyongyang said on Sunday.
Poll: I was right to let Henry #39;s Arsenal goal stand Ref Graham Poll insists he didn #39;t get it wrong when allowing Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry to take his free-kick early against Chelsea yesterday.
Consumer Prices Down, Industry Output Up  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July  for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in energy  costs reversed, the government said in a report that suggested  a slow rate of interest rate hikes is likely.
Thousands queue for Halo 2 Hordes of video game fans queued outside more than 6500 stores across the United States overnight on Tuesday to get a copy of the new Halo 2 game whose first day takings are expected to rival a Hollywood blockbuster.
Fannie Mae Pays the Price of Cutting Corners to Look Safe Two regulatory agencies have concluded that Fannie Mae cut corners when it came to its accounting, and that has severely damaged its image.
Is this the end of IT as we know it? Halsey Minor, CEO of hosted integration provider grand central Communications, has a powerful message for IT: In four years, ... basically the whole notion of enterprise application software is going to be dead. He believes application functionality will instead be available as hosted, pay-per-use services delivered by companies such as Salesforce.com. Putting his money where his mouth is, Minor has recently launched a \$50 million venture capital fund with his own money to fuel on-demand startups. For its part, Grand Central will handle data and process integration between enterprises and multiple on-demand services.
IDC: Software sales to hit \$189 billion The market researcher has predicted a 6.2 percent increase in software revenues during 2004.
CNH Global workers in Racine go on strike after contract stalemate CNH Global NV workers in Racine and three other cities went on strike Wednesday, six months after rejecting the company #39;s final contract offer.
AMD Rolls Out Low-Cost Net Access Device in India US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices AMD.N has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
China Says Taiwan Spy Also Operated in U.S. - Media  BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing on Monday accused a  Chinese-American arrested for spying for Taiwan of building an  espionage network in the United States, and said he could go on  trial very soon.
GM Plans to Use Woods More Creatively (AP) AP - General Motors Corp. is thrilled that Tiger Woods will promote Buick for the next five years, but GM chairman Rick Wagoner says the automaker could make better use of the world's best-known golfer.
Bush Promotes His Plan for Missile Defense System President Bush, in Pennsylvania, said that opponents of a missile defense system were putting the nation's security at risk.
GOP to Sue Over 573 Found Wash. Ballots (AP) AP - Republicans prepared a lawsuit Thursday to try to prevent King County from including 573 newly discovered ballots in a hand recount that could erase their gubernatorial candidate's razor-thin margin of victory.
Yankees, Brown go down swinging Kevin Brown's frustrating season finally reached a boiling point, and now his hot temper could cost the New York Yankees at the most important time. Brown broke his non-pitching hand when he punched a wall in the clubhouse last night during a 3-1 loss to the Baltimore Orioles that cut New York's lead in the AL East ...
Nedved to rejoin Czech national team after injury healed Czech captain Pavel Nedved will return to the national soccer team once his knee is completely healed, he said in a statement which his manager Zdenek Nehoda provided Tuesday.
Microsoft Fixes Key SP2 Issue (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released a Windows XP Service Pack 2 update to fix an installation problem that was caused by a third-party adware program named ""T.V. Media.""
Researchers Study Plastics From Feathers (AP) AP - Researchers at Iowa State University are pecking away at ways of making environmentally friendly plastic. From golf tees to a biodegradable flower pot that can be planted directly in the ground, scientists are studying ways of making plastics from things such as chicken feathers and soy protein.
Health Highlights: Aug. 28, 2004 A new drug that fights a form of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), a leading cause of blindness in the elderly, won applause if not approval from a panel of advisors to the US Food and Drug Administration.
Web Sites Keep Tabs on Campaign Giving As a Washington journalist during the 90s, I made frequent treks to the Federal Election Commission to inspect cabinets full of campaign-finance reports to find out who was giving to whom.
SEC Charges Hollinger's Black with Fraud   WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators filed fraud charges  on Monday against former Hollinger International Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt;  Chairman Conrad Black and his deputy, David Radler, moving to  bar the two from serving as officers of a public company.
AOL pushes into Internet shopping Looking for new ways to boost its revenue, America Online is launching an online shopping service that won #39;t require an AOL account to access.
Red Hat replaces CFO Charles Peters Jr. is taking over as the company deals with the aftereffects of restating its earnings for the past three fiscal years.
Roddick blisters junior champ By the time his match with Andy Roddick was over, Jenkins had felt the full fury of Roddick #39;s jet blast. Roddick had nailed a 152-mph serve at him, the fastest serve in Open history and one
UPDATE 2-Manchester United calls off bid talks with Glazer The world #39;s richest soccer club, Manchester United (MNU.L: Quote, Profile, Research) , has called off talks with US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer over his proposed
Auction for Yukos core set for Dec. 19 A planned sale of Russian energy giant Yukos #39; main asset has become clouded by confusion over the price, the participants and the legality of the sale.
Murdoch novel reveals Alzheimer's The last novel by the author Iris Murdoch reveals the first signs of Alzheimer's disease, experts say.
Russia Mourns Hostage Deaths, Putin Criticized  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Russia on Monday mourned the  deaths of hundreds of children and adults in its worst hostage  drama as criticism mounted over the way President Vladimir  Putin and his security forces handled the crisis.
Going Private: The Promise and Danger of Space Travel A flurry of space tourism milestones and announcements in recent days signals that human spaceflight is shifting from governments to the private sector, space experts say.
Returning Fallujans will face clampdown FALLUJAH, Iraq -- The US military is drawing up plans to keep insurgents from regaining control of this battle-scarred city, but returning residents may find that the measures make Fallujah look more like a police state than the democracy they have been promised.
GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 7:30 PM NEW YORK (Ticker) -- After a season in which they fired their coach, the New York Liberty are hosting the top-seeded Connecticut Sun Friday in Game One of the best-of-three Eastern Conference finals.
Groups Petition U.S. on China Policies (AP) AP - A group of industry, farm and labor groups, seeking to put pressure on the Bush administration before the presidential election, petitioned the government on Thursday to file an unfair trade practices case against China.
Dollar Rises on the Interest Rate Plays  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Thursday as  traders, short of dollars after relentlessly selling them for  weeks, looked to the growing yield advantage of U.S. assets as  a reason to buy back the currency before the end of the year.
US May Have New Case of Mad Cow Disease  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A final test is likely to confirm a  second U.S. case of mad cow disease, experts said on Thursday,  though they see a small possibility the animal, which tested  ""inconclusive"" in two preliminary tests, could be given a clean  bill of health.
Mosque set on fire in Netherlands A Dutch mosque is set on fire in what appears to be the latest attack on the Muslim community.
Young People Practicing Unhealthy Habits They show greatest increase in smoking, obesity and poor eating, study says    HealthDayNews -- Smoking, obesity and poor eating habits increased among young people in the United States in the 1990s, a trend that may lead to higher future rates of cancer, heart disease, diabetes and lung disease as that generation ages.    That warning comes from a study in the September/October issue of the American Journal of Health Promotion...
Screensaver Strikes Back at Spammers New software allows recipients of spam to band together to target known websites behind the messages. The idea is to bombard the sites with messages, slowing them down and making them more expensive to run.
Flying Cars Reportedly Still Decades Away (AP) AP - It's a frustrated commuter's escapist fantasy: literally lifting your car out of a clogged highway and soaring through the skies, landing just in time to motor into your driveway.
Firefox Turns Up The Browser War Heat Firefox, the Mozilla-based open-source browser has grown by more than a third over the past month, according to WebSideStory, an independent Web metrics firm.
Israel Kills 10 Palestinians in Gaza Camp Raid  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli tanks and troops backed by  helicopter gunships stormed Khan Younis refugee camp, a Gaza  militant stronghold, on Monday, killing 10 Palestinians  including an 11-year-old boy, medics and witnesses said.
Iverson Misses Game Against Heat (AP) AP - Philadelphia 76ers guard Allen Iverson didn't travel with the team for Sunday's game against Miami because of a bruised right elbow.
Google Founders Interviewed by Barbara Walters Google Founders Interviewed by Barbara Walters\\Google's founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, were interviewed last night by Barbara Walters on ABC's 20/20 10 Most Fascinating People. Andy Beal who doesn't seem to be too fond of Barbara Wawa pointed this out on his SearchEngineLowdown blog. I was too busy eating ...
Thousands of Japanese endure night outdoors DESTRUCTION: At least 21 people have been killed by the quake, which has forced thousands to evacuate. Yesterday, many were readying to spend another chilly night outside.
Around The Region In another move to cut costs, Continental Airlines is closing 14 of its ticketing offices systemwide, including three in the Houston area.
Braves Rally to Defeat Giants 7-6 (AP) AP - Even with a big lead in the NL East, the Atlanta Braves aren't taking anything for granted.
Bourses set for losses after Wall St falls (FT.com) FT.com - European equity markets were poised for opening losses on Thursday following a weak session on Wall Street overnight, while caution was likely ahead of results from Nokia, the leading mobile handset maker.
Consumer Prices: Biggest Jump Since May Surging energy costs drove US consumer prices up by a hefty and larger-than-expected 0.6 percent last month, the biggest jump since May, a government report showed on Wednesday.
Oreskes Named Times Deputy Managing Editor The New York Times has appointed Michael Oreskes, who directed much of the newspaper #39;s coverage of the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal, to deputy managing editor.
Iraq gears up for elections Iraq: Iraq geared up Monday for its first post-Saddam Hussein elections on January 30 despite relentless nationwide violence, as world powers gathered in Egypt for a conference on the country #39;s future.
Alleged U.S. Deserter Set to Surrender TOKYO - Accused U.S. Army deserter Charles Jenkins left his Tokyo hospital for an American military base to surrender to military authorities Saturday, nearly 40 years after he allegedly defected to North Korea...
Apple Confirms More UK Retail Stores Coming; Additional Locations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Apple Computer confirmed Thursday it plans to open two additional Apple retail stores in the United Kingdom in 2005 - one in Birmingham, northwest
US, Allies Far Apart on Iraq Debt Relief WASHINGTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The United States and its major economic allies struggled Saturday to resolve deep differences over how best to relieve the heavy debt burden for Iraq and the world #39;s poorest countries.
Can Alabama pass? Can South Carolina run? Both have some reason for optimism. Guillon should benefit from his first start at Arkansas and from the more friendly environment of Bryant-Denny Stadium.
United Apology over Website Abuse Manchester United have been forced to issue an embarrassing apology to Liverpool for an ill-advised attack on the Anfield outfit on its own website.
Blair Flies to Stand by Bush in Post-Arafat Plans (Reuters) Reuters - As George W. Bush formulates his plans\for a Middle East without Yasser Arafat, British Prime Minister\Tony Blair will be standing where he says he belongs: right by\the U.S. president's side.
Jarvis teeters on the brink Jarvis admitted yesterday it was in a race against time to raise enough cash from asset sales to satisfy lenders and keep trading beyond January.
Sources: Sprint, Nextel closing in on \$36B deal Sprint Corp. is in advanced talks to buy Nextel Communications Inc. for more than \$36 billion in a mostly stock deal, sources familiar with the situation said today.
Continental won #39;t make pension contributions this year Continental Airlines announced today it will not make any contributions to its pension plan this year, citing as reasons the ongoing uncertainty of the industry #39;s economic environment and the record high cost of jet fuel.
Nike Profit Up 25 Pct. on Converse Boost Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a 25 percent rise in quarterly profit, topping Wall Street estimates, on strong sales of Converse sneakers
Update 1: Foreign Drug Stocks in Spotlight Foreign drug stocks were in the spotlight Thursday with Food and Drug Administration news pulling the sector down. AstraZeneca PLC took a drubbing on the eve of its FDA advisory panel meeting for its orally
Health Insurance Costs Soar, Workers Hit (Reuters) Reuters - Health insurance premiums rose five\times faster than U.S. workers' salaries this year, according\to a survey released on Thursday that also showed slippage in\the percentage of American workers covered by employer health\plans.
Sandia Motor Speedway for Sale on eBay (AP) AP - And the race is off! Only 29 days and some odd hours left to place your bid on eBay to buy the Sandia Motor Speedway.
Quattrone gets 18 months in prison Frank Quattrone, who rose to investment banking stardom during the dot.com boom, was sentenced to 18 months in a federal prison camp in Lompoc, Calif.
Football: Brazil legend's UK debut Brazil football great Socrates is set to make his debut for non-league Garforth Town on Saturday.
Raid in hunt for Afghan hostages \US and Afghan forces raid houses in Kabul as part of a hunt for three UN workers kidnapped last month.
Large Explosion Heard in Central Baghdad (Reuters) Reuters - A large blast was heard in central\Baghdad on Thursday, witnesses said.
Weakened Arafat Heads for France, Cancer Suspected  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat, weakened by what doctors think may be leukemia, flew  for treatment in France on Friday from the besieged West Bank  headquarters where he has been pinned for over 2-1/2 years.
Swimming: Phelps eases into world short course 200 free final INDIANAPOLIS, United States : Athens Olympic star Michael Phelps made a relatively relaxed start on the first day of the seventh World Short Course Swim Championship, qualifying second for the 200m freestyle final.
Circuit City Cautious on Outlook Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted a narrower quarterly loss from continuing operations but said its outlook was cautious for the
Saks announces store closings BIRMINGHAM, Ala. They #39;re closing eight Saks Fifth Avenue stores and three Off Fifth outlet stores. Saks Incorporated says shutting down weaker stores will allow the company to focus on its more  quot;productive quot; locations and further strengthen its brand.
Egypt names former player Shehata as caretaker coach The Egyptian Football Association (EFA) has appointed a domestic coach to take over Italian Marco Tardelli who was sacked earlier this month after a surprise defeatto Libya, a spokesman said Thursday.
Sonics sign Turkish captain, adding veteran leadership The Sonics signed guard Ibrahim Kutluay yesterday. Terms of the contract were not disclosed, but it is expected to be a two-year deal worth about \$3.
Danger - falling dollars The sharp fall in the dollar on the foreign exchange markets - and the consequent rise in the value of the euro - may seem like problems that are of little direct concern to the UK, which never signed up to the euro in the first place.
Profit Plunges at International Game Tech International Game Technology, the world #39;s biggest maker of slot machines, Tuesday said said profit for its latest quarter fell 50 percent from a year ago due to a charge for early redemption of debt and a tax adjustment.
Emmons loses gold medal after aiming at wrong target American shooter Matt Emmons fired at the wrong target on his final shot Sunday, blowing a commanding lead in the Olympic 50-meter three-position rifle event and allowing Jia Zhanbo of China to take the gold.
Australian guilty of backpacker murder Australian Ian Previte has been found guilty by a Queensland jury of murdering 19-year-old British backpacker Caroline Stuttle in 2002, when he threw her from a bridge in a botched attempt to steal her handbag.
Firms announce video antipiracy technology This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson said Friday that they will develop new encryption technology
Google SMS and wireless carriers that save your text messages. Yesterday we covered the news that Google is expanding their search to the mobile arena with their new Google SMS service which lets you search by sending text messages from your cellphone.
Nokia Shrinks 'Brick' Handset to Tap New Markets (Reuters) Reuters - Nokia, the world's biggest handset\maker, unveiled on Wednesday a miniature version of its\equivalent of the Swiss Army knife it hopes will lure women and\less-techie business people.
Consumer Confidence Dips in September NEW YORK - Job worries helped push consumer confidence down in September for the second consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday.    The Consumer Confidence Index fell 1.9 points to 96.8 from a revised reading of 98.7 in August, according to The Conference Board...
Computer Associates to buy Netegrity Corporate computing software giant Computer Associates International Inc. said yesterday it will pay \$430 million in cash to acquire Waltham data security firm Netegrity Inc.
UK minister visits Arafat grave UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw lays a wreath at the grave of former Palestinian Leader Yasser Arafat.
Oil Hits \$53 on Winter Worries, Nigeria  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for  U.S. crude on Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating  fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil  terminals.
TOMPKINS: Young Brit who fought here has shot at gold Great Britain #39;s Amir Khan, who looked so impressive in winning the 132-pound championship at the Junior International Invitational Boxing Championships here last summer, has a chance for an Olympic gold medal in the lightweight division today.
Drive maker files counterclaims in patent suit Cornice blasts Seagate's suit over patents for tiny hard drives used in portable gadgets.
Madrid miffed! The organisers of Madrid #39;s bid complained that Paris had broken the rules by using France #39;s embassies in Oslo and Kuwait to hold events to promote its candidacy, the newspaper said.
Yahoo Doubles Free E-Mail Storage Limits Yahoo Inc. is more than doubling its limits on free e-mail storage in its latest move to combat two of its biggest rivals, Google Inc. and Microsoft Corp.
Montreal Expos Team Report - August 31 (Sports Network) - The Montreal Expos were handed a setback in Monday #39;s opener at Olympic Stadium. Greg Maddux threw seven shutout innings and went 2-for-3 with an RBI at the plate to lead the Cubs to a 5-2 victory.
Delegation Is Delayed Before Reaching Najaf AGHDAD, Iraq, Aug. 17  A delegation of Iraqis was delayed for security reasons today but still intended to visit Najaf to try to convince a rebellious Shiite cleric and his militia to evacuate a shrine in the holy city and end ...
Dollar at 8-Month Low Vs Euro  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to an eight-month low  against the euro on Thursday and set multi-month lows versus  the yen, sterling and the Swiss franc amid worries the U.S.  economy was not growing enough to support its currency.
80 Killed in U.S. Offensive in Iraq SAMARRA, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a major assault Friday to regain control of the insurgent stronghold of Samarra, and hospital officials said at least 80 people were killed and 100 wounded...
Will Putin misuse Beslan terrorism? THE UNSPEAKABLE tragedy in Beslan, the town in Southern Russia where terrorists seized a school on the first day of class and where more than 300 people
Romania Faces Hung Parliament Risk After Vote  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania faced weeks of uncertainty on  Monday after inconclusive general elections in the poor Balkan  country, already struggling to stay on track to join the  European Union.  Partial results showed the ruling ex-communist Social Democrats  (PSD) of Prime Minister Adrian Nastase a whisker ahead of the  opposition centrists in Sunday's election but well short of a  majority in parliament.
AOL Shuns Microsoft Anti-Spam Technology Add America Online Inc. to the growing list of companies and organizations shunning a spam-fighting proposal from Microsoft Corp. AOL cited  quot;tepid support quot; for Microsoft #39;s so-called Sender ID technology, which
Official: EU Will Help Rebuild Somalia (AP) AP - The European Union will help rebuild conflict-ravaged Somalia, but the cost is not clear, the EU's foreign policy chief said Saturday.
Cause of Indonesian Plane Crash Probed (AP) AP - Investigators picked through the wreckage of an Indonesian passenger plane that crashed in stormy weather, killing at least 32 people in the county's worst air accident in six years.
Tokyo Stocks Finish 2.6 Percent Higher (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks finished sharply higher Monday, fueled by Wall Street's gains last week. The U.S. dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Israeli error JERUSALEM -- Israeli troops mistook three Egyptian police officers for Palestinian militants and shot them dead yesterday along the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt, increasing tensions between the neighbors.
China's Lenovo in talks with 'major IT firm' for acquisition (AFP) AFP - China's largest manufacturer of personal computers Lenovo Group said it is in negotiations with a major information technology company, believed to be US-based IBM.
VILLENEUVE ON VERGE OF F1 RETURN Former world champion Jacques Villeneuve is on the verge of a shock return to Formula One with Renault. The Canadian has been out of Formula One since leaving BAR one race before the end of last season but
EU, US Talks On Aircraft Aid Grounded US and EU negotiators traded arguments on Thursday over state aid for aircraft rivals Airbus and Boeing, but wound up no closer on a sensitive issue that has gathered steam in the run up to the US presidential election.
APEC Leaders Vow to Scrap Trade Barriers Pacific Rim leaders pledged Sunday to shore up global security and push ahead with the World Trade Organization's negotiations on lowering global trade barriers.
In Haiti, Peacekeepers Take on Militants Using armored cars and earth movers, U.N. peacekeepers and Haitian police moved into an area early Sunday controlled by militants loyal to ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, protecting workers removing burned out cars used as road blocks.
Annan Faults Both Sides of Terror War for Eroding Rule of Law U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan will tell the 191-member U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday that the rule of law in the post-Sept. 11  world has been eroded both by the United States and by other nations as they battle terrorism, and by Islamic extremists and their horrific acts of violence, according to senior U.N. officials.
ESPN.com news services Six months ago, Scottie Pippen issued a  quot;This is probably it for me quot; declaration, that last season was looking more and more like his last in an NBA uniform.
#39;Hundreds to be charged #39; over Thai protest PRIME Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said today hundreds of Muslims will be prosecuted over a demonstration that led to the deaths of 87 people in southern Thailand last week, in a move which could further raise tensions in the region.
Peter Griffin: A9.com makes searching personal I #39;ve really taken to A9.com. It #39;s almost as if this new player in the search engine game has been built specifically for me.
Sudan vows to restore order to Darfur but calls for African peacekeepers (AFP) AFP - Sudan will take the lead in restoring order to its rebellious Darfur region but needs the support of African peacekeepers and humanitarian aid, Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said.
Zarqawi group claims attack on Australian soldiers in Baghdad (AFP) AFP - The group loyal to Al-Qaeda-linked militant Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi claimed to have bombed an Australian convoy in Baghdad, in a statement posted on an Islamist website.
Industrial output falls in Japan Japan's industrial production falls in October while unemployment rises, providing more evidence of a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
US Airways To Ask Court For Pay Cuts S Airways said yesterday that it would ask a bankruptcy judge to approve emergency pay cuts - which its unions said would be 23 percent - and other moves to raise cash.
Will there be peace in Great Lakes region? To coordinate and cooperate or not to, that is where the rub is, and that is the key issue when it comes to answering the question whether there will be peace in the Great Lakes region.
Titans OT Munoz has surgery Knoxville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans offensive tackle Michael Munoz underwent successful surgery Friday on his injured right shoulder.
Samples From Genesis Craft Sent to Calif. (AP) AP - The first solar-wind samples recovered from the crashed Genesis space capsule have been sent to researchers in California.
The Bag of Aeolus  quot;Aeolus was keeper of the winds. He gave a bag of evil winds to Odysseus, instructing him to keep it closed while a good breeze wafted him home.
Iliadis, Tanimoto win judo golds Ilias Iliadis of Greece thrilled the home crowd Tuesday, beating Roman Gontyuk of Ukraine to win the gold medal in the 81-kilogram class.
The C.E.O. Vanishes, and Other Mysteries Why did PeopleSoft, in the midst of a takeover fight with Oracle, fire its chief executive and president? Who knows? And that's a problem.
Study: 400K Fewer Tech Jobs Since 2001 The US information tech sector lost 403,300 jobs between March 2001 and this past April, and the market for tech workers remains bleak, according to a new report.
Darfur: 4-Point Draft Agenda Adopted in Abuja A tentative step was taken yesterday in the quest to finding lasting peace in the crisis torn Dafur region of Sudan when the Abuja peace talks unanimously adopted a four-point draft agenda.
Congress Sends 'Net Access Ban to White House The U.S. Congress on Friday reinstated a ban on Internet access taxes after the House of Representatives agreed to extend it for another three years rather than make it permanent.
Sharapova Sweeps Into Korea Open Quarters  SEOUL (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  disposed of Japan's Miho Saeki 6-3, 6-1, on Thursday to sweep  into the quarter-finals of the Hansol Korea Open.
Schwarzenegger Signs 'Foie Gras' Bill (AP) AP - California will end the force feeding of ducks, geese and other birds to produce the gourmet liver product foie gras by 2012 under legislation signed Wednesday by Gov. Arnold Schwarzengger.
Analysis: US heating oil guides NYMEX The price of oil futures jumped sharply Wednesday when a disappointing decline in the US heating-oil supply trumped growth in the crude stockpile.
New \$50 bill designed to counter counterfeits WASHINGTON - The green is still there, but with touches of blue, red and yellow. A stylized image of the Stars and Stripes now waves in the background.
Dell takes second shot at blades Two years after launching its first blade server, Dell Inc. on Monday is set to launch a follow-up product: the PowerEdge 855, a server based on Intel Corp.
Tropical Storm Kills at Least 90 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - Tropical Storm Jeanne brought raging floodwaters to Haiti, killing at least 90 people and leaving dozens of families huddled on rooftops as the storm pushed further out into the open seas on Sunday, officials said.    Floods tore through the northwestern coastal town of Gonaives and surrounding areas, covering crops and turning roads into rivers...
Last American defector in North Korea agrees to tell story (AFP) AFP - The last surviving American defector to communist North Korea wants to tell his story to put a human face on the Stalinist state which he believes is unfairly vilified abroad, British film-makers said.
Red Sox say goodbye to Pedro Martinez Pedro Martinez closed in on a four-year deal with the New York Mets, and the Boston Red Sox resigned themselves Monday to losing the three-time Cy Young Award winner.
United Airlines Seeks Staff Concessions  NEW YORK (Reuters) - United Airlines is expected to ask a  bankruptcy judge to let it extract new concessions worth \$725  million a year from employees as it seeks to reorganize, the  Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources.
Fellowship of the Customized  Ring Tone In a short time, in a public way -- while on Metro, or in line at Starbucks, or inside a movie theater -- ring tones signal who you are. Or who you want people to think you are.&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Need for carbon sink technologies Climate scientists tell a conference that greater efforts should be made to pull CO2 from the atmosphere.
A threat to the West Bank pullout The expected withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is substantively different from that which Israel will carry out in the northern West Bank, in the area of Jenin.
Press review 0850CET--The seizure of fake Nike sportswear by the Customs Department was one of the main stories on Wednesday #39;s newspapers. L-Orizzont published
ROBBO USHERS IN NEW ERA Andy Robinson, currently the caretaker of England #39;s only World Cup holding major sports team, is the future, barring a particularly bleak autumn.
New Columbia Athletic Director Sounds Off (AP) AP - One day on the job, and Columbia University athletic director M. Dianne Murphy wasted little time saying what she thought of the school's sports performance.
Apple enhances UK online shopping The store adds such features as details of an expected dispatch date it the point where shoppers select a product. For example the Power Mac G5 Dual 2.5GHz is  quot;usually dispatched 1 - 3 Weeks
Oracle Quarterly Net Income Rises 16 Pct Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly net income as the world #39;s second largest software company benefited
Pfizer Sends Out Update On Drug Bextra Pfizer Inc. said Friday that it will provide health-care professionals with additional information about its Bextra arthritis drug and that it will conduct further studies to confirm the drug #39;s long-term cardiovascular safety record.
Lawyer for Bush Quits Over Links to Kerry's Foes The quick resignation suggests that the Bush campaign, which has repeatedly said it has no ties to the Swift boat veterans group, is eager to put the issue behind it.
Spanish Leader Denies Gain From Bombings (AP) AP - Spain's prime minister, heckled Monday by opposition lawmakers, angrily denied his Socialist party instigated anti-government rallies on the eve of a general election to reap political benefit from the Madrid train bombings.
Cambodia plays active role in ASEAN Cambodia has been active and playing an increasingly important role in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and regional affairs politically and economically
Sony to offer DVD burner for Mac Sony on Tuesday announced plans to release a new dual-format DVD burner that is compatible with Macintosh computers. The external double-layer DVD drive, dubbed the DRX-710UL-T, is designed to record up to
Major teams bounce back in World Cup soccer qualifiers LONDON: After a mixed bag of results in the weekend #39;s soccer qualifiers, Europe #39;s major countries asserted their authority this morning with France, England and Italy all winning away.
Stocks Off on Exxon Downgrade, Oil Price  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Thursday after  Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt; was downgraded by a brokerage and oil  prices rose, raising investor concerns about the health of  corporate profits and economic growth.
Is PeopleSoft waiting for the right price? A company board member testifies in trial that a sale would be possible if Oracle ups its offer.
Ronaldo a doubt for Real Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Star striker Ronaldo could miss Real Madrid #39;s La Liga contest Sunday against Deportivo La Coruna due to injury.
Report: Amount of fine-particle pollution drops significantly LOS ANGELES - Concentrations of one of the most dangerous air pollutants have declined in most of the country in the last five years, especially in Southern California and the Southeast, according to a report released by the US Environmental Protection
PSV Stays Top After 1-0 Win Over Willem II  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink scored his  seventh goal of the season to give Dutch league leader PSV  Eindhoven a 1-0 win over Willem II Tilburg on Saturday.
Vote counting begins in Afghan election KABUL, Afghanistan -- Vote counting started yesterday in Afghanistan's landmark election, widely expected to install US-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai as the war-ravaged country's first popularly chosen president.
Cricket: India embarrassed by Australia on rain-ravaged day BOMBAY : India #39;s bid to secure a face-saving win over Australia got off on the wrong foot after they lost two quick wickets in the 11 overs bowled on the rain-hit opening day of the fourth Test here.
Greek sprinters arrive at IOC hearing ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have arrived at an Athens hotel for an International Olympic Committee (IOC) hearing into their missed doped tests, a saga that has shamed and angered the Olympic host ...
Chavez Visit to Spain Sparks Coup Controversy  MADRID (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's  fence-mending visit to Spain sparked political uproar on  Tuesday when Madrid for the first time backed his allegations  that the former Spanish government backed a coup against him.
Former musician and Hells member sentenced to 15 months for threatening judge (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TROIS-RIVIERES, Que. (CP) - A former Hells Angels member who played trumpet with the Quebec City Orchestra was sentenced Friday to 15 months in jail for uttering death threats against a judge.
Bush, Kerry brace for key presidential debate (AFP) AFP - The US presidential candidates were set to go head to head in a bruising, high-stakes televised debate, with Republican incumbent George W. Bush aiming to lock in his lead in the race and Democratic challenger John Kerry banking on a comeback.
Dutch security reviewed on threat THE HAGUE, Netherlands - The government vowed tough measures yesterday against what a leading politician called  quot;the arrival of jihad in the Netherlands quot; after a death threat to a Dutch lawmaker was found pinned with a knife to the body of a slain
Italy: Sicilian derby ends in draw PALERMO, Nov 11 (SW) - After a 39-year wait for a Serie A Sicilian derby, the match between Palermo and Messina on Thursday managed only a 0-0 draw.
Arafat #39;s Health Record Submitted to Palestinian Authority The health records of Yasser Arafat, who died at Percy Military hospital near Paris last month, have been submitted to Palestinian authorities.
Torre Calls a Meeting, and the Yanks Respond Joe Torre gathered the Yankees before Monday night #39;s game at Jacobs Field and imparted a simple message: put aside the struggles of the past week.
Models replace ball boys at Madrid Masters Fashion models replaced traditional ball boys in the biggest surprise Monday at the Madrid Masters, where expected winners included Albert Costa, Alex Corretja and Luis Horna.
Thailand Tackles Bird Flu Epidemic BANGKOK, Thailand Sept. 30, 2004 - Millions of volunteers led by emergency teams fanned out across Thailand on Thursday in a new drive to fight bird flu after the prime minister gave officials 30 days to eradicate the epidemic.
FTSE 100 lifted by bright Dow The FTSE 100 has climbed as a surge by US shares gives a boost to European markets. Shire Pharmaceuticals SHP.L jumped after winning approval for a key drug and consumer goods giant Unilever ULVR.
Sun And Microsoft Call A Truce The longtime rivals claim that they #39;ll work harder to make their software work together. By Aaron Ricadela. Longtime rivals Microsoft and Sun Microsystems have made a  quot;180-degree U-turn quot; in their relationship
BEA's new product chief regroups The first new face after a company shake-up says BEA products will use the advanced research left by departed technology gurus.
Refugees #39; hopes for return will outlive Arafat BEIRUT, Lebanon - Yasser Arafat promised Palestinians he would return them to the homes they lost when Israel was founded in 1948.
Nobel Laureate Decries Stem Cell Limits (AP) AP - A Nobel laureate in medicine said Monday the Bush administration's limits on funding for embryonic stem cell research effectively have stopped the clock on American scientists' efforts to develop treatments for a host of chronic, debilitating diseases.
U.S. Seeks Reconciliation with Oil-Rich Venezuela  SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The United States said on  Monday it will seek better ties with oil-rich Venezuela in the  clearest sign since President Hugo Chavez won a recall  referendum in August that Washington is looking for  reconciliation with the firebrand populist.
Oil Hits New High Over \$48 as Iraq Violence Flares  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record above  \$48 a barrel on Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in  Iraq and fresh evidence that strong demand growth in China and  India has not been slowed yet by higher energy costs.
Sri Lanka off to positive start Kumar Sangakkara's unbeaten fifty revives Sri Lanka's chances against Pakistan.
Pakistan al-Qaeda suspect killed Pakistan says it has dealt a major blow to al-Qaeda #39;s operations after its security forces shot dead the country #39;s most wanted terror suspect.
EU offering economic incentives to Iran to suspend uranium &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; CARROT AND STICK: The EU is hoping Iran will cease its nuclear program before the IAEA meets later this month. Another option could be economic sanctions.
Planned Grand Canyon Flood Seeks to Reverse Erosion Description: Researchers flooded the Colorado River last week, in an attempt to reverse erosion in the Grand Canyon. NPR #39;s Liane Hansen speaks to Denny Fenn, director of the Southwest Biological Science Center, about the experiment #39;s preliminary findings.
Japan steps up efforts for Iraq hostage release Japan has made last-ditch efforts to secure the release of a Japanese hostage facing execution in Iraq. A Japanese government official says efforts are still being made to free Shosei Koda, 24, but there have been no reports of any progress.
Olympics: Hansen still strong enough to take bronze Every ounce of his energy was expended, leaving an empty fuel tank. But, even in a depleted state, Brendan Hansen found a way to bolster his ever-growing swimming legacy.
Glaxo Settles Paxil 'Suicide Pill' Suit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline Plc &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt; has agreed  to release all clinical studies of its drugs to settle a  lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative information  about the antidepressant Paxil, the New York Attorney General's  office said on Thursday.
Jim Mora #39;s lucky star Falcons need a healthy Michael Vick This is what #39;s known as lucking into it. Jim Mora gets his first head coaching job at any level, with the Atlanta Falcons, and finds Michael Vick waiting for him.
Chirac puts retirement on hold President Jacques Chirac passed his 72nd birthday yesterday locked in a struggle to maintain his relevance in the face of an intraparty challenge and continuing friction with the world #39;s only superpower.
Stocks on the edge NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Wall Street took a wait-and-see approach to the final day of the trading week, looking for more information on inflation, trade, oil and a report of Michael Eisner #39;s 2006 departure from Disney.
Baseball-Ichiro Breaks Hits Record, Adds Single The Seattle Mariners #39; Ichiro Suzuki registered three singles to equal, break and then add to the Major League hits record with his 259th of the season in a game against the Texas Rangers Friday.
Iran Agrees to Suspend Uranium Enrichment (AP) AP - Iran has agreed to fully suspend uranium enrichment and linked activities that Washington asserts are part of a nuclear weapons program, diplomats said Sunday.
Federer to meet Hewitt in Masters Cup final Houston, TX (Sports Network) - World No. 1 Roger Federer of Switzerland and third-seeded Lleyton Hewitt each posted straight-set wins and advanced to Sunday #39;s final at the lucrative 2004 Tennis Masters Cup.
FDA Warns Cyberonics on Manufacturing  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. regulators warned Cyberonics Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CYBX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CYBX.O&lt;/A&gt; of manufacturing deficiencies at the Houston plant  that makes its sole product, an implantable device to treat  epilepsy, the company said on Monday.
IBM Quitting Computer Business An era will come to an end when IBM sells off its computer manufacturing business, according to The New York Times. A Chinese company seems the likely buyer and the deal should fetch upward of \$2 billion.
Dollar Extends Recovery Against Euro, Yen The dollar rebounded for a second session on Thursday as traders and investors took profits on bets against the US currency before the year draws to a close.
Website posts video of suicide attack against British troops A video purportedly showing a suicide attack against British troops last week was posted on an Islamic website. Soldiers from Britain #39;s Black Watch regiment were manning a vehicle checkpoint south of Baghdad
Serena Ends Mauresmo's Year-End No. 1 Bid (AP) AP - Serena Williams is in love  #151; with her new attacking game and herself.
Cyprus says could support Turkey EU bid Cypriot President Tassos Papadopoulos said Monday he would not oppose Turkish European Union accession talks provided Turkey met European standards.
Black Watch troops move near Baghdad British troops have rolled north from Basra to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up US troops for a widely expected attack on the rebel-held city of Falluja.
Industrials lift stocks THE stock market opened higher today as industrials stocks mitigated the effects of a weaker resources sector.  quot;Commodity prices are generally weaker on renewed speculation of weaker demand in China, quot; Wilson HTM senior client adviser Angus Bligh said.
Indexes in Japan fall short of hype Japanese stocks have failed to measure up to an assessment made in April by Merrill Lynch #39;s chief global strategist, David Bowers, who said Japan was  quot;very much everyone #39;s favorite equity market.
Militia to Hand Weapons to Iraq Police BAGHDAD, Iraq - Followers of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said Saturday they will begin handing weapons over to Iraqi police next week in a major step toward ending weeks of fighting with American soldiers in Baghdad's Sadr City district.    Meanwhile, there were reports that British hostage Kenneth Bigley tried to escape before he was beheaded...
Stability Control Systems Can Save Lives (AP) AP - Stability control systems could save up to 7,000 lives each year if they were standard equipment on all vehicles, according to a study by the insurance industry.
ROGER #39;S READY Roger Federer says he #39;s ready to erase the image as being too soft to win in New York. The world #39;s No. 1 player from Switzerland has played three US Opens and lost in the fourth round each time.
ChevronTexaco hit with \$40.3M ruling Montana jury orders oil firm to pay up over gas pipeline leak from 1955; company plans to appeal. NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Montana jury ordered ChevronTexaco Corp., the number two US oil company, to pay \$40.3 million for environmental damage from a gasoline ...
Angels' Glaus Activated From DL (AP) AP - Troy Glaus was activated from the 60-day disabled list Sunday by the Anaheim Angels and was back in the lineup against the Minnesota Twins.
Raised by Others, Birds Use Code to Find Their Kind Like the ugly duckling, cowbirds are raised by other bird species. So how do they find each other as adults? A new study says they have a ""password,"" among other things.
Point-counterpoint: Nets stifle Knicks Jason Kidd had the pass of the night, an off-the-backboard, alley-oop feed that Vince Carter dunked, and the New Jersey Nets defeated the New York Knicks and their self-proclaimed ""best point guard in the NBA,"" 93-87, last night at Madison Square Garden. Kidd didn't outplay point guard counterpart Stephon Marbury, who made that bold declaration the previous day at practice.
Halliburton Suffers Loss on Asbestos Claims HOUSTON - Oilfield services giant Halliburton Co. on Tuesday swung to a loss in the third quarter ended Sept. 30, hurt by hefty charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.
US soldiers in Iraq murder probe Four soldiers are charged with the murder of an Iraqi general who died in custody in Iraq, the US army says.
VARs: Stone #39;s Exit Won #39;t Slow Novell #39;s Linux Drive Solution providers last week said they do not expect the sudden departure of Novell vice chairman Chris Stone, who engineered the company #39;s aggressive Linux push, to slow its Linux initiative.
Conference fumbles top status ATLANTA - Tommy Tuberville isn #39;t much into computers and formulas to determine who should play for college football #39;s national championship.
Kaneohes Wilson comes up short Kaneohe native Dean Wilson missed out yesterday on his final chance to secure his PGA Tour card. Wilson, who entered the final round of the Chrysler Championship tied for 18th and needing a top-20 finish to
(Sports Network) - Carlos Beltran may be the newest Killer B in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; lineup, but right now he is also the most feared hitter on the Astros. He #39;ll. play the St. Louis Cardinals in Game 4 today at Minute Maid Park.
ElBaradei strongly rejects charges of collaboration with Iran International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director-General Mohamed ElBaradei angrily rejected allegations that he had collaborated with Iran ahead of releasing investigation reports about Tehrans nuclear program.
India and Bangladesh Neglect Their Enclaves (Reuters) Reuters - Nazrul Islam is an Indian\living in an Indian village.
Rumsfeld Raises Prospect of Limited Iraq Elections (Reuters) Reuters - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on\Thursday raised the possibility that some areas of Iraq night\be excluded from elections scheduled for January if security\could not be guaranteed.
News: Governments slow off the mark to combat growing threats of cybercrime The Associated Press By Robert Wielaard
Escobar, Anderson lift Angels Kelvim Escobar pitched seven strong innings and Garret Anderson hit a three-run homer, leading the Anaheim Angels to a 5-1 win over the Mariners last night in Seattle.
Motorola and HP in Linux tie-up Motorola plans to sell mobile phone network equipment that uses Linux-based code, a step forward in network gear makers #39; efforts to rally around a standard.
Flash memory abounds in PalmOne #39;s Tungsten T5 PalmOne Inc. unveiled a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant Monday that is designed to protect data even when the device #39;s battery dies.
Study: MP3 Player Market Booming Sales of portable digital-audio players are booming, and IDC predicts the market will generate \$58 billion by 2008. The research firm says Apple #39;s iPod will continue to be a major participant
Video game pioneer shoots for next level with cell phones (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Video game pioneer Trip Hawkins is going mobile. His latest act, a Silicon Valley company called Digital Chocolate, is developing games and ""lifestyle"" applications for portable phones. He hopes the new venture will turn out like the first he founded, Electronic Arts, the leading video game maker. His most recent gaming company, 3D0, went out of business after a decade. Hawkins spoke with USA TODAY's Edward C. Baigat last week's DemoMobile conference in La Jolla, Calif.
Panama pardons Castro 'plotters' Four men accused of planning to kill Cuba's Fidel Castro have been pardoned by Panama's president.
MARTS SWOON ON RISING OIL Stock prices were pummeled by a toxic combination of still-rising oil prices and anxiety surrounding Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the insurance industry.
Ex-envoys: Mideast peace breakthrough possible JERUSALEM -- Former US envoys say that the passing of Yasser Arafat would open up new opportunities for Mideast peace, especially if new, pragmatic Palestinian leaders emerge.
SA 'mercenaries' plead not guilty Sixty-six men accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea deny breaching Zimbabwe's security laws.
Movie Studios Sue File Traders The Motion Picture Association of America slaps an undisclosed number of individuals with lawsuits, accusing them of sharing copyright flicks on the internet. By Katie Dean.
Sony launches music players with MP3 support The company has just announced the release of two flash-memory-based devices, the Walkman NW-E99 and NW-E95, in Europe. The music players can play songs in MP3 and Sony #39;s own Atrac file format.
ROUNDUP: Franchitti overcomes pit mishap for IRL win FOUNTAIN, Colo. -- Dario Franchitti shook off a potentially dangerous pit mishap to win the IRL #39;s Honda 225 Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
United States 66, Russia 62 Frustrated by fouls, turnovers and a feisty opponent, the United States desperately looked for help. Then along came Sheryl Swoopes to set things right.
TI touts combo chip with VoIP, Wi-Fi The chipmaker announces a chip that combines VoIP (voice over Internet Protocol) and Wi-Fi into a single chip.
Site security gets a recount at Rock the Vote Grassroots movement to register younger voters leaves publishing tools accessible to outsiders.
Israel Battens Down Hatches for Volatile Gaza Vote  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's parliament took  extraordinary security steps Wednesday for a vote next week on  a Gaza pullout plan expected to spark Jewish settler protests  and heighten death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
Bad Day for Drug Companies - and Patients  LONDON (Reuters) - Investors in pharmaceuticals were dealt  a triple whammy on Friday as Pfizer Inc, AstraZeneca Plc and  Eli Lilly and Co all shocked the market with bad news about key  products.
Jaguars 27 Colts 24 INDIANAPOLIS Byron Leftwich was flawless on a 30-yard drive in the final four minutes, and rookie kicker Josh Scobee made a season-long 53-yard field goal to help the Jacksonville Jaguars pull off a 27-to-24 win over Indianapolis.
MicroStrategy Turnover Draws Analyst Scrutiny MicroStrategy Inc. said yesterday that president and chief financial officer Eric F. Brown had resigned and that founder Michael J. Saylor would again hold the company's top three jobs, prompting some analysts to raise concerns about the company's stock.
Europe ; Serbia calls on UN to annul appointment of Kosovo PM He (Haradinaj) is a war crimes suspect, and Serbian authorities will face numerous difficulties ... with such a person, Kostunica said.
Barbarians at the Digital Gate How spyware, a program that creeps onto a computers hard drive unannounced, is wrecking the Internet.
WellPoint net income increases 28 percent THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- WellPoint Health Networks Inc. #39;s third-quarter net income rose 28 percent as the managed-care company saw membership growth in key markets and double-digit revenue growth.
Court Won't Halt Arch Coal's Triton Bid (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday\that Arch Coal Inc. (ACI.N) may proceed with its bid to buy the\assets of rival Triton Coal Co. LLC, denying an emergency\request by the Federal Trade Commission to block the deal, a\spokesman for the agency said.
Anglican claims he was misquoted over attack on Archbishop of Canterbury (AFP) AFP - Anglican Dean of Sydney Phillip Jensen, whose reported attacks on the Archbishop of Canterbury and Prince Charles sparked a storm of protest last week, claims he never made the comments attributed to him by the media.
Needham downgrades Apple on valuation NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- Apple Computer Inc. shares fell Friday after Needham  amp; Co. downgraded the stock to hold #39; #39; from buy.
Inzamam happy with win Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq praised his spinners after Pakistan knocked Kenya out of the Champions Trophy with a seven-wicket win at Edgbaston.
Lehmann may have played last Test The 34-year-old tore his right hamstring on day one of the third Test against India at the VCA Ground just as he was presenting a very good case to be retained when captain Ricky Ponting returns from injury next week.
BRDC waiting for a proposal The Formula 1 teams say that the British Grand Prix is saved but the owners of Silverstone, the British Racing Drivers #39; Club do not yet have a deal with Formula One Management.
Cellphones outstrip landlines in India (AFP) AFP - Mobile phone users have outstripped traditional landline connections in India, the government announced.
Mauresmo breezes through Amelie Mauresmo comfortably came through her first match since taking over at the top of the world rankings. The Frenchwoman reached the quarter-finals of the Porsche Grand Prix in Filderstadt with a 7-5 6-4 win over Switzerland #39;s Patty Schynder.
USC #39;s Orgeron shows interest in Ole Miss job While the list has dwindled in the search to replace David Cutcliffe as the Ole Miss football coach, one name has risen to the top.
UN Council Poised to Vote on Darfur Resolution  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States and China held  last-minute talks on Saturday before the U.N. Security Council  was to vote on a resolution that would consider oil sanctions  against Sudan if it did not stop atrocities in the Darfur  region.
US Plutonium Shipment Reaches France Working under tight security from helicopters and police, port crews unloaded US military plutonium from a British ship on Wednesday after its arrival in northwest France, nuclear industry officials said.
FDA Orders Strong Antidepressant Warning Labels By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Friday ordered that all antidepressants carry ""black box"" warnings that they ""increase the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior"" in children who take them.    Patients and their parents will be given medication guides that include the warning with each new prescription or refill...
Rebel threat on the roads leaves Katmandu isolated KATMANDU, Nepal The Nepali capital was largely cut off from the rest of the country on Wednesday after Maoist rebels threatened to attack any vehicles traveling on main roads, in a virtual blockade of Katmandu to press their demands for the release of ...
McTeer: Lonesome Dove to be an Aggie NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - A New Economy champion, a lover of the Texas picker poets who write lovesick country songs...and, oh, by the way, a member of the Federal Reserve system for 36 years.
Sun Brews Java Tools Updates The Java Studio Enterprise 7 platform, available now, offers a collaboration feature called Code-Aware that allows distributed teams of developers in different buildings and different continents work together on projects, according to Sun.
Movie casts Afghans as 'Stray Dogs' struggling after hell of war (AFP) AFP - The powerful may wage war, but it is the powerless who suffer its consequences -- that is the message drummed home by  quot;Stray Dogs, quot; an Iranian film on Afghanistan's pain after years under the control of warlords and foreign masters.
Belarus #39; Nesterenko fastest in women #39;s 100m first round Belarus #39; Yuliya Nesterenko became the fastest woman to qualify for the women #39;s 100 meters second round at the Olympic Games here on Friday.
Microsoft to help users prep for patching Microsoft said today that it plans to give customers three days' advance notice about its monthly security updates to help them prepare to install related software patches.
Study: Mobile phone use increases brain tumor risk But researchers say data based on analogue phone usage may not yield same results as digital phone usage.
Sharapova, Molik Advance to Swisscom Final (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the final of the Swisscom Challenge, defeating fellow Russian Elena Dementieva 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in one of Saturday's semifinals. The fourth-seeded Sharapova, who eliminated Venus Williams in the quarterfinals, extended her winning streak to 12 matches.
Briefly: China interest in key Yukos unit China is interested in participating in the bidding for Yuganskneftegaz, the top oil-producing subsidiary of the Russian oil giant Yukos, a Chinese economic official was quoted as saying in a report Thursday by the Russian news agency Interfax. The ...
Notes: Kahne, Harvick have verbal confrontation AVONDALE, Ariz. - Some sparks flew between rookie Kasey Kahne and Kevin Harvick at the conclusion of Sunday #39;s Checker Auto Parts 500.
Restoring an Original At Charles Schwab, executives plan a return to the firm's original mission of serving mom-and-pop, buy-and-hold investors.
Backe in no position to complain Brandon Backe wasn #39;t pleased when the Devil Rays, for the 2001 season, switched the minor-leaguer from outfield to pitcher. Considering how it worked out, Backe should give Tampa Bay a big thumbs up.
Man United Midfielder Roy Keane Charged (AP) AP - Manchester United midfielder Roy Keane was charged with assault and criminal damage Tuesday over an alleged confrontation with a 16-year-old boy.
E-commerce still booming Online retail sales continue to show significant growth, according to the latest figures released by the US Department of Commerce.
Sun Sets Sights on Linux Vendors (AP) AP - After years of battling Microsoft Corp., Sun Microsystems Inc. has set its sights on Linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low-end but high-volume market it's been accused of ignoring.
Veterans face quandary with Pistons Antonio McDyess and Derrick Coleman understood that coming to the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons offered the best and worst scenarios for a veteran player.
Teenage T. rex's monster growth Tyrannosaurus rex achieved its massive size due to an enormous growth spurt during its adolescent years.
Botswana miners 'face dismissal' Botswana's giant Debswana diamond mining firm says it will sack workers who carry on with an illegal stoppage.
Home Depot Likes High Oil Rising fuel prices, a bugbear for most of the retail sector, are helping Home Depot (HD:NYSE - news - research), the remodeling giant that reported a surge in second-quarter earnings Tuesday and guided the rest of the year higher.
SAP Launches Security Service SAP has launched SAP Security Optimization, a service that evaluates a customer #39;s SAP system to identify and eliminate potential vulnerabilities and minimize the risk of intrusions.
US star slams sweet-rustlin', phone beepin' theatre crowd (AFP) AFP - Kevin Spacey, the US screen star who is spending a season working for one of London's top West End theatres, lashed out at members of the audience who rustle sweet wrappers and forget to turn off their mobile phones during performances.
Knight Ridder Says It Will Miss Targets Knight Ridder Inc. expects third-quarter earnings to exceed expectations, largely due to a per-share gain of 9 cents related to the finalization of certain tax matters.
Bush Seen Vulnerable to Kerry Among Independent Voters (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, who holds\a sizable lead in some polls, still appears to be vulnerable to\Democrat John Kerry among independent voters whose shifting\loyalties could determine the winner of the November election,\pollsters say.
Is Apple Photogenic? With competitors avidly trying to nibble at the iPod #39;s market share, Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) has released its ostensibly new and improved version.
Fortune's 100 Most Doomed? Your company made it to Fortune's 100 Fastest Growing Companies list. Is that a good thing?
Sales key factor for Sun in WNBA title game Nykesha Sales smiled when someone suggested the Connecticut Sun could add a WNBA title to this year's NCAA championships won by the UConn men's and women's teams.
Pfizer: Exubera Does Well in Trials Drug makers Pfizer Inc. and Sanofi-Aventis on Tuesday posted positive results from mid-stage trials of an inhaled insulin product for diabetics.
U.S. Jet Fires at House in Fallujah (AP) AP - An American jet fired a missile at a house where about 10 members of an al-Qaida-linked group were believed to be meeting in the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Friday, police and the U.S. military said. At least three people were killed.
Strong Family Equals Strong Education Single mothers, poverty were big factors in school performance    HealthDayNews -- American teenagers who live with poor single mothers are more likely to get into trouble at school and have poor marks and are less likely to think they'll go to college, says a Rice University study.    Holly Heard, an assistant professor of sociology, analyzed data from thousands of teens who took part in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health...
Honda aiming for BAR buyout? Motorsport.com. Reports this week suggest that Honda is aiming to either buy BAR or become co-owner of the team by purchasing a shareholding.
U.N. Urges Funds to Curb African Locusts (AP) AP - With swarms of locusts threatening crops in a number of African countries, a U.N. agency appealed for an additional  #36;70 million in assistance Thursday to prevent the upsurge from becoming a full-scale plague.
Rapids Clinch MLS Playoff Berth (AP) AP - Dwyane DeRosario's goal in the 82nd minute lifted the San Jose Earthquakes to a 1-1 tie with the Colorado Rapids on Saturday night.
A Deal That's Creating Plenty of Buzz About the Mets The prospect of Pedro Martnez going to Queens is potentially the best news in years for the Mets. They have now won a public relations battle with the Yankees.
SBC and Yahoo! extend pact to offer Internet service SAN ANTONIO SBC Communications and Yahoo are expanding their high-speed Internet service partnership to link video, wireless phone, Internet and other services.
San Diego Chargers SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- Jesse Chatman recorded his first 100-yard rushing day while wearing the San Diego Chargers  #39; powder blue 1960 #39;s-style uniforms.
Stanford picked to win much-improved Pac-10 Tara VanDerveer stepped to the dais at the Pacific-10 Conference women #39;s basketball media day Tuesday and was asked to make an opening comment.
Soccer Coach Raymond Goethals Dies at 83 (AP) AP - Raymond Goethals, the Belgian soccer coach who led Olympique Marseille to the 1993 European Champions Cup title, died Monday, according to news reports. He was 83.
VoIP becomes new option Jackson is one of the first to take advantage of Time Warner Cable #39;s new venture into Voice over Internet Provider (VoIP) telephone service here and she says it works great.
Tough to predict a hurricane landfall this season #39;s busy season of landfalling Atlantic hurricanes has seen a few less-than-perfect calls by tropical
Socialites unite dolphin groups Dolphin groups, or ""pods"", rely on socialites to keep them from collapsing, scientists claim.
Chicago to Hold EBay Auction to Raise Money for Cultural Programs City officials hope there are people willing to pay plenty of money to own a vintage Playboy Bunny costume, toss green dye into the Chicago River or throw a dinner party prepared by Oprah Winfrey's chef.
Microsoft and Dell Get Air Force Pact Microsoft Corp. on Friday said that together with Dell Inc. it will provide the Air Force with software and related support services to simplify the acquisition process in an agreement worth up to \$500 million over six years.
MCI Creditors Are Target Of  SEC Subpoenas 11 members of MCI Inc.'s former creditors committee asked for documents related to confidential communications between the company and its bondholders, according to federal bankruptcy court filings.
Astros Beat Rockies to Keep Wild-Card Lead (AP) AP - Jeff Bagwell hit a two-run homer and the Houston Astros overcame a sloppy start, remaining atop the NL wild-card standings with a 4-2 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night.
Study: Athletic success doesn #39;t pay off in donations Success in big-time sports has little, if any, effect on a college #39;s alumni donations or the academic quality of its applicants, according to a study made under the direction of the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics.
Swap Your PC, or Your President The producer of ads featuring PC users who switched to Macs is applying the same tactic to political commercials. This time, he'll focus on former backers of President Bush, recruited online, who've changed their political allegiance. By Louise Witt.
West Lafayette abuzz with Boilers #39; lofty ranking Purdue #39;s Boilermakers are breathing thin and rarefied air as they climb up the college football rankings mountain. It #39;s a heady air that hasn #39;t been breathed on the West Lafayette campus in nearly 25 years.
Showalter edges Twins #39; Gardenhire in AL Texas #39; Buck Showalter and Atlanta #39;s Bobby Cox were named managers of the year Wednesday in balloting by the Baseball Writers #39; Association of America.
In Controversial Move, Britain Says  #39;Yes #39; to Troop-Redeployment &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Some 850 British troops have started preparations to redeploy from southern Iraq to an area outside of Baghdad. The move comes after Britain agreed to a US request for help and is designed to make more US
Mariners riding the Ichiro wave Ichiro Suzuki singled three times last night to etch out a spot in history and to send the Toronto Blue Jays a little deeper into oblivion.
Convicted spammer gets nine years in slammer A brother and sister have been convicted of three felony charges of sending thousands of junk e-mails; one of them was sentenced to nine years in prison, the other was fined \$7,500.
German Far-Right Profits from Anger Over Reforms German far-right parties surged in eastern state elections Sunday, riding public anger against government welfare cuts and fanning fears among mainstream parties that the country #39;s image could suffer.
Astronomers find proof of Einstein #39;s theory Einstein was right: Scientists say satellites pulled slightly off their orbits show that the earth is indeed twisting the fabric of space-time as it rotates.
U.S.: Korea Cloud Not From Nuclear Blast (AP) AP - A huge mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from North Korea was not caused by a nuclear explosion, South Korean and U.S. officials said Sunday, but they said the cause was a mystery.
Oil Nears \$50 as Gulf Storms Curtail Output Crude oil prices settled at \$49.64 a barrel, up 76 cents as traders expressed concern that recent hurricanes had hurt output in the United States.
Yemen Jails 5 Over Limburg, US Envoy Murder Plot A Yemeni court jailed five al Qaeda supporters for 10 years Saturday for the bombing of the French supertanker Limburg and sentenced to death another militant who plotted to kill the US ambassador to the Arab state.
Take control of your desktop chaos Dragging and dropping files into well-organized desktop folders can be a chore for everyone but the most fastidious. A new technology, however, aims to do most of the work for you.
Four Infineon executives plead guilty Four Infineon executives pled guilty for price fixing computer memory chips and will face a prison sentence of four to six months along with \$250,000 in fines, reported the US Department of Justice on Thursday.
Rates on short-term T-bills hit 30-month high WASHINGTON -- Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in yesterday's auction to the highest levels in 30 months.
Coca-Cola closer to settling EU antitrust case NEW YORK, September 3 (New Ratings) - The European Union has reportedly made significant progress in settling its prolonged antitrust case against The Coca-Cola Co (KO.
Boeing, IBM Strategic Alliance Boosts Net-Centric Technology From the 1950 #39;s until the present, one of the dominant companies in the world #39;s computer industry. Offers a variety of data processing hardware systems, system and application software, and information technology services.
NAB studying buyer interest for Irish banks SYDNEY: National Australia Bank Ltd (NAB), Australia #39;s biggest bank, is gauging buyer interest for its struggling Irish banks, signalling that it is prepared to exit part of its European market.
mmO2: i-mode launch looks certain mmO2 and NTT DoCoMo are reportedly planning to launch a UK i-mode mobile service. November 26, 2004 4:35 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - The much-touted tie-up between NTT DoCoMo and mmO2 to bring i-mode mobile content to the UK looks to be a done deal.
Intuit Posts Wider Loss After Charge (Reuters) Reuters - Intuit Inc. (INTU.O), maker of\the No. 1 U.S. tax presentation software TurboTax, on Wednesday\posted a wider quarterly loss after taking a goodwill\impairment charge during its seasonally weaker fourth quarter.
We owe Athens an apology ATHENS -- The Games of the XXVIII Olympiad -- the great disaster that wasn #39;t -- come to an emotional end this afternoon and, really, the world owes Athens an apology.
SAY NEIGHBORS #39; WEAPONS LEAVE THEM VULNERABLE Electrical engineering student Roozbeh Rahimi reflects a common sentiment among Iranians when he expresses hope that this famous tourist city will gain fame soon for its nuclear technology.
Morgan Stanley Profit Falls 34 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Morgan Stanley  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said quarterly profit dropped 34 percent  amid reduced trading revenue, falling well short of Wall  Street's already-lowered expectations after a summer of  sluggish market activity.
Russian millionaire's party heads Lithuania poll, but coalition needed (AFP) AFP - A party led by a Russian-born millionaire won the most votes in the first round parliamentary elections in Lithuania, but apparently not enough to form a government on its own, initial results showed.
Panasonic unleashes new DVD recorder line Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., better known for its Panasonic brand, will soon start international sales of a high-end DVD recorder that offers network connectivity, the company said Wednesday.
UDA pledge ceasefire The UDA, Northern Ireland #39;s largest loyalist paramilitary group has pledged to end all violence and work towards complete disarmament.
Insurance firms can take hit Florida insurance companies can cover the losses of Hurricanes Charley and Frances, even if a few small insurers fail, the state #39;s chief financial officer said Tuesday.
Ex-general wins Indonesian elections Retired general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was on Monday confirmed as Indonesia #39;s next leader as final counting from the country #39;s first direct presidential polls gave him a landslide victory over his predecessor.
America's Best Airline? Hawaiian Airlines is putting up impressive numbers, including some that really matter to travelers.
Fannie Mae Used Improper Accounting-Probe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae used improper accounting  to manipulate its quarterly earnings reports, regulators said,  touching off the mortgage finance industry's second such  controversy in less than 18 months.
Olympic hopefuls for  #39;12 submit bids The five cities looking to host the 2012 Summer Games submitted bids to the International Olympic Committee, entering the final stage of a long process in hopes of landing one of the biggest prizes in sports.
Sadr aide freed as Iraq seeks pre-election calm could help the interim government #39;s efforts to calm rebel-held strongholds before elections due in January. colleague, Sheikh Mahmoud Sudani, after he got out of jail on Thursday.
Iraqi forces raid Ramadi mosques US forces stepped up operations yesterday across a wide swath of the Sunni insurgent strongholds northwest of the capital, pounding targets in three urban centers from the air and supporting Iraqi troops in raids on mosques suspected of harboring
New Poll Shows Bush and Kerry in Dead Heat (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush is now in a\statistical dead heat with Democratic challenger Sen. John\Kerry for the Nov. 2 election, in a tightening of the race\after the first debate last week, a poll on Monday showed.
Microsoft slaps down Intel #39;s Itanium chip THE CINDERELLA of Intel #39;s chips, the Itanium, has been told it can #39;t go to the Microsoft #39;s supercomputer ball. That #39;s according to a report on Infoworld, which claims that the software giant will only support
Regional Home Price Drop Possible  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing industry economists on  Monday cautioned that rapid house price gains in some areas of  the country may not be sustainable.
NVIDIA and Intel sign broad cross-license and chipset license &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;NVIDIA and Intel Corporation announced that the companies have signed a broad, multi-year patent cross-license agreement spanning multiple product lines and product generations.
HK walks out of 68-month deflation cycle, official Hong Kong Financial Secretary Henry Tang said he believed Hong Kong has walked out of the consumer price deflation cycle that lingered for 68 months, according to the consumer price index trend in the past few years.
Pakistan denies report of CIA bases in Pakistan for Osama hunt ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Are there secret CIA bases in Pakistan to hunt for Osama bin Laden? Pakistan says no. It is denying a New York Times report, which says the spy agency has concluded bin Laden is being sheltered
Moose bullish about chances This is Mike Mussina #39;s fourth postseason here, so he knows the drill. He understands that all of his bad memories of his disappointing season -- the Japan trip, his early-season struggles and
Crude oil prices continue decline Crude oil fell to the lowest price in almost two months after Iran, OPEC #39;s second-biggest oil producer, said it would stop enriching uranium to ward off US calls for sanctions.
Unknown Nesterenko Makes World Headlines (Reuters) Reuters - Belarus' Yuliya Nesterenko won the top\women's athletics gold medal at the Olympics on Saturday,\triumphing over a field stripped of many big names because of\doping woes to win the 100 meters.
Cisco Buys IP Platform Maker Network equipment giant Cisco Systems (Quote, Chart) is buying IP platform specialist P-Cube for \$200 million in cash and stock. P-Cube #39;s technology helps telecom carriers, cable operators and ISPs manage
Cards all hearts Ten outs away from winter, knowing a 105-win magic-carpet ride was about to hit the runway way too soon. Ten outs away from winter, and the St.
Cavaliers Defeat Nets 103-97 (AP) AP - LeBron James scored 27 points and assisted on Lucious Harris' clinching 3-pointer with 6 seconds left as the first-place Cleveland Cavaliers won their eighth straight at home, 103-97 over the New Jersey Nets on Tuesday night.
Norman looking to post a low score Greg Norman will be looking to post a low score to give the leaders a target in the final round of the Australian PGA Championship at Coolum #39;s Hyatt Resort, north of Brisbane.
Security report: Windows vs Linux Much ado has been made about whether or not Linux is truly more secure than Windows. The results were not unexpected. Even by Microsoft #39;s subjective and flawed standards, fully 38 of the most recent patches address flaws that Microsoft ranks as Critical.
Wake Forest survives at the NIT No. 1 Wake Forest used a 19-5 second half run to take the lead and then held off Arizona 63-60 to win the preseason NIT. Mustafa Shakur had a chance to take the lead in the final seconds, but he missed a runner in the lane.
Allen Wins Triathlon Kate Allen of Austria wins the triathlon with a late surge Wednesday, passing more than half of the field in the final leg and edging Loretta Harrop of Australia at the finish line.
Toy Safety Report Released checking for them by hand before buying -- because children could choke on them, consumer advocates said in an annual warning on toy safety.
Doesn't matter to me if health care is privately delivered:Alta's Klein (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta Premier Ralph Klein acknowledged Tuesday that he personally doesn't have a problem with private delivery of health-care services.
Australia embraced by Malaysia at ASEAN summit TONY EASTLEY: For years Malaysian Prime Minister Dr Mahathir blocked Australia #39;s closer involvement with the ASEAN group of nations.
Sun trims fourth-quarter earnings by \$12 million Sun Microsystems Inc. trimmed its fourth quarter and full-year 2004 results this week, to account for final accounting of asset retirement obligations and its settlement with Microsoft Corp.
Ex-Pentagon Official Gets 9 Months for Conspiring to Favor Boeing The former official was sentenced after acknowledging that she had favored the Boeing Company in Pentagon contracts while seeking a job at the company for herself.
NBA Wrap: Curry, Chandler Lead Bulls Over Lakers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eddy Curry registered 18 points and 10  rebounds and Tyson Chandler added 18 rebounds and 10 points as  the Chicago Bulls stunned the Los Angeles Lakers 92-84  Wednesday.
FaceTime, IMlogic Back Live Communications Server 2005 Hard on the heels of Microsoft announcing that it #39;s taken Live Communications Server 2005 gold, instant messaging management software vendors IMlogic and FaceTime on Tuesday both touted their support for the communication product.
Longhorn to put squeeze on gadgets SAN FRANCISCO--Windows makes it easy to quickly download files to iPods and other portable storage devices--a little too easy in the minds of many IT managers.
Siebel looks to midmarket to bolster revenues CRM software giant Siebel Systems said yesterday that it is launching a new program that will cater to small and midsize businesses in a bid to help it boost flat revenues.
Hong Kong democrats win more seats Democrats have tightened their grip on Hong Kong #39;s legislature, but still have no mandate to push their agenda of universal suffrage in the southern Chinese enclave.
Napster tests  quot;on-the-go quot; subscription service Napster announced yesterday that it is testing a new subscription service model that would add portable devices to the list of its subscription service #39;s supported devices.
Smith lifts Missouri with all-around effort COLUMBIA, Mo. -- Brad Smith threw for 233 yards and three touchdowns and ran for 63 yards and another score to help No. 18 Missouri rout Arkansas State, 52-20, last night in the season opener for both teams.
Mauresmo retires, Davenport wins Porsche Tennis Grand Prix This was not the way that American Lindsay Davenport wanted to claim her second career title at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. In a match between the top two
Lima gem ends LA drought Jose Lima came to the Los Angeles Dodgers in February as a journeyman pitcher with a 71-77 win-loss record, a 5.13 ERA and a reputation as one of baseball #39;s hot dogs.
Afghan Militants Hold Talks on Hostages, but No Deal Yet Militants holding three foreign United Nations workers in Afghanistan said that they had held negotiations with officials from the Afghan government and the United
German leader to arrive in China German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder was preparing Sunday to arrive in China for the start of a five day Asian tour Monday to discuss trade and bilateral ties.
Rams Beat Jets in OT, Clinch Playoff Berth (AP) AP - The St. Louis Rams won a finale that, in the end, they needed much more than the New York Jets. Marc Bulger threw for 450 yards and three touchdowns and Jeff Wilkins hit a 31-yard field goal with 3:03 left in overtime Sunday to give the Rams a 32-29 win over the New York Jets, clinching their fourth playoff berth in five seasons under coach Mike Martz.
Kenyan tree planter wins peace prize Wangari Maathai, a Kenyan environmentalist, today became the first African woman to win the Nobel peace prize. Ms Maathai, 64, Kenya #39;s deputy environment minister, heads the Green Belt movement, a group that
Xamlon looks to beat Microsoft to the punch This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Software engineer and entrepreneur Paul Colton thinks he can beat Microsoft by taking a page from its play book--literally.
America West: Will Not Bid for ATA  CHICAGO (Reuters) - America West Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AWA.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier  ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
Quicken, Money Duel to a Draw (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Intuit-Microsoft battle for supremacy in the personal-finance software market is as long-running as some sports rivalries -- except that few users seem to care all that much about the outcome of this contest.
Bears back their coach with win GREEN BAY, Wis. - Thanks to Lovie Smiths ambitious words and his teams resolve to uphold them, the long dormant rivalry between Chicago and Green Bay might be back on track.
Civil servants in net porn probe More than 200 staff at the Department of Work and Pensions have been disciplined for downloading porn at work.
WTO backs Korea in shipbuilding dispute with EU The World Trade Organization has ruled against European Union claims that the Korean government provided illegal subsidies to its shipbuilding industry, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade said today.
Brazil Embraer says suspends US Airways deliveries Brazilian aircraft manufacturer Embraer (EMBR4.SA: Quote, Profile, Research) (ERJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it had suspended aircraft deliveries to US Airways (UAIR.
The Russians are back St. Paul, Minn.Outclassed and completely humiliated by the Russians here last night, the reeling and desperate Americans are planning wholesale lineup changes to get back on track in the World Cup.
Atomic Power Station Halted in Russia, No Radiation  MOSCOW (Reuters) - One reactor at a Russian nuclear power  station was closed down after a malfunction, but there was no  leak of radiation at the site near the city of Saratov on the  Volga river, Russian news agencies reported on Friday.
Holiday sales results lift Wal-Mart, Kmart Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said a surge in after-Christmas shopping spurred December same-store sales gains of about 3 percent, at the high end of its forecast. Kmart Holding Corp. said profit rose 10 percent during the holiday season after it limited deep discounts.
KPMG to settle SEC charges in Gemstar audit case The Securities and Exchange Commission said Wednesday that accounting firm KPMG LLP will pay \$10 million to Gemstar-TV Guide International shareholders to settle allegations it committed improper conduct in Gemstar #39;s audit.
Singapore govt extends third-party war risk insurance SINGAPORE : The government is extending third-party war risk insurance cover to the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore and SATS Security Services, a unit of the Singapore Airlines group.
Former coach hits out at Bob Woolmer Javed Miandad has come out strongly against Bob Woolmer #39;s coaching methods and is extremely sceptical about Pakistan #39;s chances in the Test series against Australia.
Politics an Afterthought Amid Hurricane (AP) AP - If Hurricane Charley had struck three years ago, President Bush's tour through the wreckage of this coastal city would have been just the sort of post-disaster visit that other presidents have made to the scenes of storms, earthquakes, floods and fires.
Indian PM pledges to protect poor from oil-driven inflation NEW DELHI : Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh pledged to try to shield the poor by keeping down prices of essential goods amid rising inflation.
Now It's Official: U.S. Growth Slowed  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economy slowed more sharply  in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and  the trade gap swelled, the government said on Friday in a  report that confirmed momentum faltered in the spring.
Finnish Watchdog Raps TV Game Operators (Reuters) Reuters - Finland's consumer watchdog said on\Monday it had reprimanded broadcasters for causing children to\run up huge mobile phone bills with interactive television game\and chat programs.
Yukos seeks US bankruptcy refuge Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos has filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court in an attempt to prevent the forced sale of its main production arm.
FCC declares authority over states on VoIP (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Federal regulators Tuesday declared authority over the states in governing Internet phone services, a move providers called crucial to fostering growth, innovation and competitive pricing in the budding industry.
Trash Begins to Clutter Space Station (AP) AP - There's no space in the space station. With no garbage pickup by shuttles for nearly two years, the international space station is looking more and more like a cluttered attic.
Remains of New Species of Hobbit-Sized Human Found Scientists in Australia have found a new species of hobbit-sized humans who lived about 18,000 years ago on an Indonesian island in a discovery that adds another piece to the complex puzzle of human evolution.
Button happy with 2nd JENSON Button was happy to settle for runners-up spot despite falling agonisingly short of a maiden Formula One win for the second race in succession.
Many NHL players head for Europe National Hockey League players began scattering across the globe yesterday in search of work on Day 1 of the lockout, with no negotiations scheduled between union and management.
UPDATE 4-Court #39;s cards ruling to aid MBNA, American Express The Supreme Court on Monday let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card associations violated US antitrust law by barring
Napster Offers Music to Go This service leverages new Windows Media 10 technologies to enable Napster subscribers to download music to portable devices, a technology called Janus.
Jury Can Hear of Kobe Accuser's Sex Life (AP) AP - Prosecutors suffered another setback Monday in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, losing a last-ditch attempt to keep the NBA star's lawyers from telling jurors about the alleged victim's sex life.
Microsoft launches new search engine Redmond-based Microsoft Corp. on Thursday launched a test version of its new MSN Search service, hoping to compete with Google and other major Web search services.
29 escapees from North seek refuge at school in Beijing BEIJING -- Twenty-nine people believed to be North Korean entered the Japanese school in Beijing on Wednesday morning to seek asylum in a country other than China, according to Foreign Ministry officials in Tokyo.
Slovaks and Czechs reject French minister #39;s suggestion over EU &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Slovak and Czech governments Monday rejected a proposal by French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy to axe structural funds for new EU members whose taxes were lower than the European average.
Plane crashes into Venezuelan mountain killing 25 : A military plane crashed into a mountain in Central Venezuela, killing 25 people, including five children, the Air Force rescue team said in a statement.
New Media Players Too Small It was a Holy Grail looming on the personal electronics horizon: a pocket-sized device with a workhorse battery and the capacity to hold hours of audio and video.
Pittman misses out Fani Halkia (1980), of Greece, clears a hurdle en route to winning a gold medal ahead of fifth place finisher Jana Pittman, of Australia.
Judge Challenges EU Position on Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - A top European Union judge\challenged the EU executive's reasoning in its antitrust court\battle with Microsoft Corp. Friday, questioning why it opposed\the U.S. software giant's setting industry standards.
Two Michigan State receivers arrested on bomb-making charges Two Michigan State football players have been charged with planting homemade bombs outside apartments. Terry Love and Irving Campbell, both 19-year-old redshirt freshmen wide receivers
Vladimir Putin: Claims of authoritarian drift  quot;total nonsense quot; President Vladimir Putin rejected concern that he is beating a path toward authoritarianism, calling such criticism  quot;total nonsense quot; in an interview published Friday and saying Russia needs time to build democracy after centuries of heavy
A conspiracy theory : In the aftermath of Arafats passing AH Jaffor Ullah. Yasser Arafat, the acknowledged leader of Palestinian people, lived amidst controversy all through his life. The cause of his death has now become a source of controversy amongst the departed leaders people all over Middle East.
Cost of borrowing goes up in US America #39;s central bank, the Federal Reserve, last night raised interest rates for the fourth time in six months and warned US consumers and businesses to expect further increases in the cost of borrowing over the coming months.
North Korea to review its role in nuclear talks SEOUL North Korea is seriously reconsidering its role in talks on its nuclear programs because of what it sees as a concerted campaign to topple the government in Pyongyang, the North Korean Foreign Ministry said Monday.
UConn awaiting invite to Motor City Bowl Theres still one more domino to fall, but today the University of Connecticut football team is expected to be invited and accept an invitation to play in the Motor City Bowl in Detroit on Dec. 27.
LVMH Plans to Buy Glenmorangie French luxury goods company LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis said Wednesday it plans to buy whisky maker Glenmorangie PLC for about 300 million pounds (euro430.
Governor #39;s proposal: New game, same strategy If Gov. Rod Blagojevich #39;s proposal to crack down on violent video game sales sounds familiar, look no further than the man he beat to become Illinois #39; chief executive.
Collaboration suite to help secure tonight's Bush-Kerry debate The U.S. Secret Service and a throng of police and emergency management officials in Missouri will for the first time use a customized Microsoft-based collaboration portal to share security information during tonight's presidential debate.
Halliburton Says It May Separate KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Thursday it would restructure its KBR unit and may shed the  business if the company's stock performance continues to lag  behind peers.
Insurgents hammer central Baghdad BAGHDAD - Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding a day of violence that left nearly 60 dead nationwide as security appeared to spiral out of
As French school year begins, Iraq crisis tests head scarf ban PARIS -- School doors open for 12 million French children today, but there is far more at stake this year than back-to-school jitters.
United without key pair Keane was not with the squad flying out to the Czech capital after contracting a virus and Ferdinand, who would almost certainly have skippered United in the Irishmans absence, was due to attend his grandmothers funeral.
Trump's Casinos File for Bankruptcy  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Donald Trump's casino operations  filed for bankruptcy Sunday in a long-expected move that would  allow the real estate maverick to restructure the company's  debt and overhaul its aging casinos.
EDS cutting 4,600 jobs through early retirement, taking US\$150M &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PLANO, Tex. (CP) - Electronic Data Systems is cutting 4,600 jobs through early retirement and taking a \$150 million US charge in the fourth quarter, the information technology company said Tuesday.
LIPPI LAMENTS LACK OF FIXTURES Italy coach Marcello Lippi claimed he was frustrated that the Azzurri had no more World Cup qualifiers before the new year after the 4-3 win over Belarus saw the Italians claim top spot in Group Five.
Travel Column: Australia Through Aboriginal Eyes This week's TravelWatch column profiles Anangu Tours, an Aborigine-owned tour company in Australia's Red Center.
Touchy Times at Midas The auto maintenance company has a simple business but a complicated prognosis.
NASCAR gives liquor a shot Beginning next season, NASCAR will uncork its long-standing ban on hard-liquor sponsorships, which will tap a new source of funding for at least two high-profile race teams.
Linux puts another financial feather in its cap Industry observers say Linux's similarity to Unix, its lower cost and ability to run on Intel hardware make the Unix market ripe for open-source conquest.
Sparks fly in Gold Fields bid battle The bitterly fought \$8.1bn (4.5bn) bid battle for control of Gold Fields is set to become even more acrimonious this week when Harmony Gold Mining launches a fresh attack on its target #39;s track record.
Research Is Definitely in Motion The Blackberry wireless device maker is straining to exceed expectations.
Poor nations seek WTO textile aid With 40 years of textile quotas about to be abolished in a move to help developing nations, a group of the world #39;s poorest countries are asking for a different approach: special trade deals to protect them from a free-for-all.
Bush signs \$136 billion tax-cut bill with no fanfare WASHINGTON President Bush has signed into law the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades. Bush signed the bill today with no fanfare, during a flight on Air Force One to a campaign stop in Pennsylvania.
Flu Shot Shortage Highlights U.S. Crisis  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned health officials began  investigating on Friday what went wrong at a British vaccine  plant where half the U.S. flu shots were made, and called on  more companies to get into the vaccine business.
Israel's Labour to Join Sharon Coalition-Israeli Media  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labour party has  clinched a deal with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Likud party  to join his coalition, a move that could push forward his Gaza  pullout plan, Israeli media reported on Friday.
Dollar Idles vs. Euro Before U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar kept close to the previous  session's one-week highs against the euro on Thursday, holding  steady as investors awaited U.S. data to confirm fresh signs of  strength in U.S. manufacturing.
450 Colombian Paramilitaries Disarm (AP) AP - Some 450 right-wing paramilitary fighters left Colombia's crowded battlefields, turning in their weapons and asking society to let them back into its fold.
Fly Higher, Fly Lighter: 'Ballute' Technology Aimed at Moon Missions (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - BOULDER, Colo. -- Moviegoers may recall it as that nifty bit of high-speed technology used in 2010: The Year We Make Contact --  the space age equivalent of playing air bag bumper car with Jupiter.
Activists Want Divestment From Sudan (AP) AP - Black activists and religious groups are pressing public pension funds to divest a purported  #36;91 billion in holdings of companies operating in oil-rich Sudan.
Controversial US Overtime Rules Take Effect New overtime rules have taken effect in the United States that the government says will strengthen workers #39; rights, but opponents say will significantly reduce workers #39; pay.
London Times goes strictly tabloid After more than two centuries as a broadsheet newspaper, The Times of London has gone strictly tabloid. On Monday, The Times moved to a totally compact format after almost a year of dual publication.
US Airways' Unions Brace to Fight Deep Cuts US Airways' 28,000 employees waited last night for the airline to file a petition with the judge in its bankruptcy proceeding, seeking to void existing labor contracts and impose a 23 percent pay cut on workers.
China Closes 1,600 Internet Cafes in Crackdown China shut 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August and imposed \$12.1 million worth of fines for allowing children to play violent or adult-only games and other violations, state media said.
One dead in Romanian bear rampage A brown bear kills one person and wounds several in the Transylvanian forests of Romania.
Musharraf visits Afghanistan Pakistani President General Pervez Musharraf on his visit after the landmark presidential polls in Afghanistan congratulated his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai for his victory Saturday afternoon.
Southern Africa Faces Food, Water Crises - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Southern Africa faces major\challenges to feed its swelling populations and to keep its\wells from running dry, a study showed Wednesday.
Broncos And Monday Night On The Road Don #39;t Mix The Bengals were happy to be back on Monday Night Football after a 15 year absence. From gameplan to execution, they looked very good.
Dial M for Music Mobile-phone makers scored a surprising hit four years ago when they introduced handsets equipped with tiny digital cameras. Today, nearly one-third of the cell phones sold worldwide do double duty as cameras
Allawi Meets Militants, Pushes Amnesty Iraq's interim prime minister said that he had held private meetings with representatives of insurgent groups from Fallujah, Ramadi and Samarra to  persuade them to accept a government amnesty offer.
UN organizes open-source software day across Asia The United Nations, through its International Open Source Network (IOSN) will organize the first annual Software Freedom Day on Saturday in an effort to educate Asian users about the benefits of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) and encourage its wider use in the region.
Athletics: Eight-year ban given to Collins for  #39;pattern of doping #39; Michelle Collins, who won the world athletics indoor 200 metres for the United States last year, was yesterday suspended for eight years despite the fact that she has never tested positive or admitted doping violations.
Record biz hammers  #39;ostrich #39; downloaders The music industry in the US is making great strides in its campaign against people it says have illegally downloaded music, with courts awarding huge settlements in many cases.
Lehman aims for players with passion AMELIA ISLAND - Tom Lehman had yet to officially take the job as the next US Ryder Cup captain, and already his phone was ringing.
HOW DOES MONTGOMERIE RANK AMONG THE GREATS? Scotland #39;s Colin Montgomerie sank the winning putt at the 35th Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills in Detroit to ensure the trophy remained in European hands and maintain his unbeaten record in singles matches in the competition.
Nestle Confirms Targets After Rivals Warn Nestle confirmed its 2004 guidance on Tuesday, a day after competitors Unilever and Colgate-Palmolive cast doubts over the consumer goods industry #39;s outlook by issuing profit warnings.
Bus ambush kills 17 workers near Tikrit Gunmen ambushed a bus carrying unarmed Iraqis to work at a US ammunition dump near Tikrit yesterday, killing 17 and raising the toll from three days of intensified and bloody terrorist
Mazu scores VC lifeblood from Symantec, others Mazu Networks, the Cambridge, Massachusetts, network intrusion prevention system (IPS) technology company, has secured another round of venture capital funding, including a stake from security software giant Symantec.
Seoul says firms shipped lethal chemical to DPRK SEOUL: South Korean authorities stopped a shipment of a potentially lethal chemical to North Korea this year, but at least two other shipments got through to the communist state, South Korea said on Friday.
SUVs: Live And Let Die NEW YORK - The newly released traffic crash fatality data have something for everyone in the debate about the safety of sport utility vehicles.
South Africa #39;s Mbeki Leaves Ivory Coast Rebel Zone South African President Thabo Mbeki left Ivory Coast #39;s rebel town of Bouake after talks Sunday, saying mediators would prepare proposals to end the crisis in the world #39;s top cocoa grower.
AMD signs up for extra 64-bit production capacity Advanced Micro Devices Inc. will use Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd.'s manufacturing services to produce AMD's Opteron and Athlon 64 processors starting in 2006, adding production capacity as the company starts building chips at its second Dresden, Germany, plant, the companies said Monday.
U.S. Commander in Iraq Calls Shooting 'Tragic' The killing of a wounded Iraqi by a U.S. Marine in Fallujah was termed a ""tragic incident"" by the U.S. military commander in Iraq on Tuesday as Arab satellite channels replayed unedited footage of the shooting as often as every half-hour.
For Dempsey, soccer impasse qualifies as a concern US national team candidates expected to begin training in Los Angeles this week for the start of the final round of World Cup qualifying. Instead, the training camp has been postponed because of a contract dispute between the US Soccer Federation and the US National Soccer Team Players Association.
Intel Posts Higher Profit, Sales Computer-chip maker Intel Corp. said yesterday that earnings for its third quarter were \$1.9 billion -- up 15 percent from the same quarter a year ago -- but the company cautioned that computer-processor demand in the United States is likely to remain low.
Efficient Germany Sweep Past Japan Two goals from Miroslav Klose helped Jrgen Klinsmann #39;s experimental Germany side breeze to a 3-0 win over Japan in Yokohama this afternoon.
Housing Starts Surge 6.4 Pct. in October  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing starts jumped a  larger-than-expected 6.4 percent in October to the busiest pace  since December as buyers took advantage of low mortgage rates,  a government report showed on Wednesday.
Astronauts Briefly Fix Oxygen Generator (AP) AP - The astronauts aboard the international space station got their broken oxygen generator running after three tries Friday, but the machine shut down again after barely an hour of operation.
WPP claims Grey Global prize LONDON, England -- UK-based advertising giant WPP Group says it has won the bidding to acquire US agency Grey Global. WPP, the world #39;s second-largest advertising company, said Sunday it had reached agreement
Accounting body delays rule on expensing options Bowing to corporate pressure, the group that sets standards for the US accounting industry yesterday postponed by six months its plan to force companies to expense employee stock options.
Rain threatens triangular final (AFP) AFP - Organisers were left banking on the Dutch weather to spare Saturday's final of the triangular cricket tournament after deciding against altering the fixture schedule in a bid to beat the rain that has marred this warm-up event for next month's ICC Champions Trophy in England.
U.S. Stocks Gain as Oil Retreats  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Monday  after a drop in oil prices eased worries about corporate  profits, although disappointing earnings from diversified  manufacturer 3M Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; limited gains on the blue-chip Dow.
Britain extends citizenship rights to Gurkha soldiers (AFP) AFP - Britain has extended full citizenship rights to Gurkha soldiers from Nepal who serve in the British armed forces, Prime Minister Tony Blair has said.
Two Palestinians kiled in a night raid against a warehouse in Gaza Israeli military helicopters yesterday evening bombarded by missiles a building in one of the refugee camps in the downtown of Gaza, while two Palestinians were killed and other three injured in the sector by the Israeli bullets.
Russia wants new business partnership with old ally India (AFP) AFP - Russia is seeking a new economic partnership to boost a decades-old friendship with India, envisaging sophisticated arms sales, high-end technology swaps and political support on the world stage.
Germany deports Turkey militant German police deport an Islamic militant wanted by Turkey, hours after his extradition is approved.
OECD tips US growth slowdown in 2005 US economic growth will slow to 3.3 per cent in 2005, more than a full percentage point below this year, with the effect of high energy prices dragging on the economy for the next few quarters, the OECD said on Tuesday.
Pitcairn mayor pleads guilty to sex attack The mayor of Pitcairn Island has changed his plea to guilty and faces sentencing for sexually assaulting young girls, The Telegraph reported Tuesday.
Portsmouth Manager Redknapp Resigns to Take Break #39; From Soccer Harry Redknapp has quit as manager of English soccer Premiership club Portsmouth and said he wants a complete break #39; #39; from the game, the club Web site reported.
Dependent species risk extinction The global extinction crisis is worse than thought, because thousands of  quot;affiliated quot; species also at risk do not figure in calculations.
Two hurricanes = two deductibles Many homeowners in the Orlando area suffered a double blow when hurricanes Charley and Frances struck in quick succession. Now, they #39;re smarting from a financial one-two punch - two insurance deductibles.
Target Earns \$537 Million Target Corp. , the No. 2 US discount retailer, on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit on stronger sales and gains from selling its Mervyn #39;s department store chain, and forecast 2004 would end well.
Militia, Shiite Leaders Bicker Over Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Militants loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a revered shrine, and clashes flared in Najaf on Saturday, raising fears that a resolution to the crisis in the holy city could collapse amid bickering between Shiite leaders.    The clashes between U.S...
Radeon X850 Released VisionTek announced today the official launch of its XTASY RADEON X850 XT PCI Express Graphics Accelerator card.  quot;We #39;ve been overwhelmed by customer requests for a top of the line VisionTek 16X PCI Express
Starbucks CEO to Retire, Shares Fall Starbucks Corp. (SBUX.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said its chief executive, Orin Smith, will retire next year, surprising investors, who sent the coffee shop chain #39;s shares lower in after-hours trading.
Spielman Defends Decisions With Dolphins (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins general manager Rick Spielman watches home games from the owner's box, which would be the best seat in the house if the team was better.
Earthquake shook Yunnan, China BAOSHAN, China - A strong earthquake shook southwest China. The epicenter of magnitude 5 quakes on the Richter scale was located in the province of Yunnan not far from the city of Baoshan.
Wal-Mart China business grows Wal-Mart Stores, the worlds No.1 retailer, said the number of its China stores would be lifted by at least 15 new stores with the total of around 45 outlets throughout China.
Trial Date Set for Soldier at Abu Ghraib (AP) AP - A military judge ordered a U.S. Army reservist on Friday to stand trial Jan. 7 in Baghdad for allegedly abusing Iraq inmates at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad.
Tata CS celebrates profits uplift Indian software giant Tata CS unveils sharply higher profits in its first set of results since its stock market launch.
Schilling, Morris face tall task So what will Curt Schilling do for an encore tonight? Take the mound without a flu shot? Five days after baseball #39;s most inspiring comeback that didn #39;t involve an Iowa cornfield, Schilling
Hewitt advances to Round 3 at Paris Masters Second seed Lleyton Hewitt beat Gael Monfils 6-3, 7-6 (3) on Tuesday, turning back the French teenager #39;s bid for a second upset at the ?
Tennis: Canas crushes Novak to reach Shanghai final, faces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SHANGHAI : Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas dominated Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic to book his place in the final of the 380,000-dollar ATP Shanghai Open tennis tournament against unheralded German Lars Burgsmuller.
N.Korea called worst for press freedom Media watchdog Reporters Without Borders has labeled North Korea and Cuba the worst countries in terms of press freedom, with Denmark being the best.
GE OKs  #36;15 Billion Buyback, Ups Dividend (Reuters) Reuters - Diversified manufacturer General\Electric Co.  said on Friday it boosted its quarterly\dividend by 10 percent and earmarked up to  #36;15 billion for\share repurchases over the next three years.
Global server sales on the rise Sales of server systems rose 7.7 percent globally in the second quarter to \$11.55 billion as demand for Information Technology remained strong after a three year downturn, market research firm Gartner said in a statement.
Belmont beats the best to take its place at the top Any time in the last decade and a half, yesterday's result would have been an upset. With a 3-2 victory over host Winchester, the Belmont girls' soccer team took the Middlesex League title from the Sachems for the first time in 16 years, and avenged a 1-1 tie with Winchester that was the only blemish on a 15-0-1 season.
Glazer could bid for Manchester United this week: reports LONDON : US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer could launch a takeover bid for English football giants Manchester United this week after securing financing and making contact with the club #39;s largest shareholders, newspapers here reported.
Al-Jazeera man remanded in Spain A Spanish court remands Tayseer Alouni and eight others in custody ahead of their trial for suspected al-Qaeda links.
UAE Founding Father Buried, Elder Son Likely Successor ABU DHABI, November 3 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Arab and Muslim leaders converged on Abu Dhabi Wednesday, November 3, and joined the people of the United Arab Emirates in burying Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al-Nahayan, president and founding father
AMD dual-core demo pips Intel, IBM AMD has demonstrated the company #39;s first dual-core microprocessors. Dual-core processors offer improved performance over single-core chips, especially in multithreaded applications.
Millionaire Candidates List (AP) AP - Candidates who spent more than  #36;1 million of their own money trying to win election to Congress in 2004 struck out in nearly every case. Eight made it to the Nov. 2 election, but only one was victorious. The spenders, how much they spent and how they fared:
Odd couple: Schwartz and McNealy It hasn't even been eight months since Sun Microsystems promoted Jonathan Schwartz to be Chief Executive Scott McNealy's right-hand man, but the two are already acting like an old couple. Missing Links
Britain plans national ID cards London -- Invoking a global threat of terrorism, the British government announced plans Tuesday to introduce national identity cards for the first time since the World War II era.
DaimlerChrysler, GM to team up on hybrid engines General Motors and DaimlerChrysler say they #39;re teaming up to develop hybrid technology for use in their vehicles. The two giant automakers say they have signed a memorandum of understanding.
A traditional victory for A-B Ask anyone associated with the Acton-Boxboro football program about the secret to its success, and they'll say it's rooted in a winning tradition established long before members of the 2004 team ever strapped on a helmet.
Spawn of X Prize on Horizon Innovators take note: The folks behind the X Prize vow there will soon be more competitions in several disciplines. Also: The da Vinci team presses ahead in Canada.... Rubicon team plans another launch attempt. By Dan Brekke.
Has Your Broadband Had Its Fiber? Falling costs, new technology, and competition, with a nudge from regulatory changes, are bringing fiber closer to homes in the US just a few years after the idea seemed all but written off.
Halliburton Set for Spotlight in VP Debates (Reuters) Reuters - A name likely to come up in\Tuesday's vice presidential debate is Halliburton, the Texas\company once run by Dick Cheney that Democrats say is an\example of cronyism because of its lucrative Iraq deals.
Goal-happy Ajax and Feyenoord maintain perfect starts Champions Ajax Amsterdam came from behind to thrash NAC Breda 6-2 on Sunday while Feyenoord hit four past Willem II Tilburg to regain the early lead in the Dutch first division.
Crude Oil Falls as Purmono Says OPEC Can Boost Output Capacity Crude oil fell as OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said the group may raise its spare production capacity to as much as 2.5 million barrels a day by the end of this year, reducing concern about shortages.
Update 2: Report: Gazprom to Take Part in Yukos Sale The newly-created oil unit of Russian gas monopoly OAO Gazprom, Gazpromneft, will take part in the auction of the embattled Yukos oil company #39;s largest unit, Yuganskneftegaz, Dow Jones NewsWires reported Tuesday, citing the news agency Prime-Tass.
Burger and Boks get IRB gongs South Africa #39;s Schalk Burger has been honoured as international rugby #39;s player of the year in 2004. The Springboks, the reigning Tri Nations champions, also scooped the awards for Team of the Year and Coach
Gunfire Erupts During Powell Visit to Haiti  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Shooting erupted on  Wednesday outside Haiti's presidential palace while Secretary  of State Colin Powell was inside talking with the interim  leaders of the violence-plagued country.
Internet Explorer Wins the Battle There #39;s a remarkable graph on Google #39;s Zeitgeist site showing the meteoric rise of Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 use and equally catastrophic decline of all other competing browsers.
Police Remove Checkpoints Around Capitol (AP) AP - Police checkpoints that have surrounded the Capitol since last August were gone Thursday following a postelection decision by authorities to lower the threat level.
Paralympics: China Surges As First Doping Cases Result In Lifetime &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (AFP) - The Athens Paralympics weathered its first doping scandal, while juggernaut China continued to dominate the competition, racking up nearly twice as many as second-place Britain over the first four days of competition.
Mumbai set for battle The battle lines are drawn on the third of the fourth and final test in Mumbai. After a miserable batting display, India fought back thanks to their bowlers to restrict Australia #39;s first innings lead to 99 runs.
French Trial Watches Bomb Plot Surveillance Tape (Reuters) Reuters - A Paris court watched on Friday a\surveillance video shot by Islamic militants plotting to bomb a\Strasbourg market, in which a commentator brands the French\city a modern-day Babylon whose residents would go to hell.
Stelco Financing by Deutsche Bank Gets Court Approval (Update2) Deutsche Bank AG #39;s C\$900 million (\$759 million) proposal to provide financing to Stelco Inc. was approved by an Ontario judge over the objections of rival bidders and Stelco #39;s unions.
Bureaucracy Pins Rocket to Earth The da Vinci Project, a Toronto group planning to launch a homemade, manned spacecraft in October, is having trouble getting its paperwork off the ground. Canadian regulators are leery of approving the launch. And then there's the matter of finding insurance. By Dan Brekke.
French captives #39; fate mulled BAGHDAD, Iraq - An Islamic militant group that claimed to have kidnapped two French journalists said it would soon decide their fate, according to a message posted on a Web site Friday, and an Iraqi negotiator called the chance for their release  quot;excellent
Nextel, Sprint Talk Merger Nextel Communications Inc. and Sprint Corp. are negotiating a possible merger, according to a source familiar with the discussions.
Fate of Cameras on the Line Virginia's 10-year experiment with red-light cameras at traffic intersections expires next year, and it is uncertain whether they will be renewed.
Michigan Gets Rose Bowl Berth Despite Loss to Ohio St.  COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Troy Smith threw for 241  yards and two touchdowns and ran for 145 yards and a score to  lead the Ohio State Buckeyes to a 37-21 victory over No. 7  Michigan in the final game of the regular season for both  teams.
Roundup: Illini men rise to top of AP poll, win game There was little celebrating when Illinois men #39;s players found out they were ranked No. 1 in the nation yesterday afternoon. There was a game to play at night.
MPAA asks Supreme Court to rule on P-to-P cases SAN FRANCISCO - Representatives for the music and movie industries have filed a petition asking the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn an appeals court decision in which companies that enable peer-to-peer (P-to-P) file trading networks were absolved of liability for copyright violations by users of those networks.
UPDATE 2-Cricket-Malik reported for suspect action  Cricket-ICC clears Zimbabwe Cricket Union of racism October 17, 2004 14:05:37 LAHORE, Pakistan, Oct 17 (Reuters) - A special report by an International Cricket Council (ICC) inquiry commission has ruled there is no evidence of racism within the
Study: Wild Monkeys Resort to Use of Tools (AP) AP - Wild South American monkeys routinely use fist-sized rocks to crack open seeds and to dig in dry Brazilian soil for grubs and edible tubers, researchers report in the journal Science.
Colin Jackson: Hard lessons learnt in the human laboratory Yesterday #39;s Olympics treated us to the two extremes of athletics, the endurance race which tests the body to its limits, and the heavyweight showdown, the sprint, which is in the mind.
Drink-drive swimmer  #39;very sorry #39; AN apologetic Michael Phelps today said he made a dangerous mistake when he was arrested for drink-driving last week. The Olympic swimming champion was arrested and charged with drink driving after a trooper
Afghan Militants Say Drop Some Hostage Demands  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan militants holding three U.N.  workers hostage began talks with the government and the United  Nations on Sunday and the kidnappers have dropped some of their  demands, a militant spokesman said.
France Hopeful for Hostages, Fatwa Demands Release (Reuters) Reuters - France remained hopeful on Sunday that\two French hostages in Iraq would be freed and a religious\fatwa issued in Iraq demanded their release.
SunTrust Restates Results, Profits Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  fired three executives over its accounting for bad loans, on  Friday restated first-half profit higher by \$25.1 million, more  than it had forecast, to fix the mistakes.
US Oil Up Above \$43, Watches Ivan, OPEC  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices climbed above \$43 on  Monday as energy companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico  braced for possible widespread output disruptions from a  powerful hurricane and Iraq saw some of the bloodiest violence  in weeks.
Al-Jazeera airs new footage of pleading British hostage in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Kidnapped Briton Margaret Hassan made a new appeal for the withdrawal of British troops from Iraq, Al-Jazeera television said, showing her in a video.
HD DVD will boost quality, help stores Four Hollywood studios this week embraced a new high-definition DVD format from electronics giant Toshiba - raising many questions for video lovers who have driven sales of pre-recorded DVDs to new heights.
Study: Few Americans Buy Drugs Online Only 4 percent of Americans have ever used the Internet to buy prescription drugs - and even fewer do so through foreign pharmacies - despite Web sites maintained by a handful of states to help citizens import medicines more cheaply from Canada, a new study finds.
So. Cal Player Investigated in Sex Assault (AP) AP - At least one member of the top-ranked Southern California football team is under investigation for sexual assault, the Los Angeles Police Department said Tuesday.
US Spacecraft to Probe Origin of Gamma Rays Far Beyond Our Galaxy The US space agency, NASA, launched a satellite Saturday that scientists hope will help them locate the sources of mysterious gamma ray explosions, the
Microsoft plays up growth, dividend They were preaching to the choir, but Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer still did their best to sell the virtues of Microsoft stock at the company #39;s annual shareholder meeting yesterday in Bellevue.
Russia Says Attack Was To Ignite Regional War The guerrillas who took over a school in southern Russia argued heatedly over whether to abandon the siege in the moments leading up to the firestorm of explosions and shooting that killed hundreds, Russian officials said Monday.
ASCAP Shakes Down Burning Man for Music Royalties LOS ANGELES, CA -- Officials from ASCAP today indicated they intend to pursue music royalties from the organizers of Burning Man, an artist's gathering and celebration held over the Labor Day holiday near Reno, NV.   The unconventional event, held annually since 1986, has never paid fees for any of the music played at the event, says ASCAP.  ""We intend to pursue all available avenues to get this issue resolved,"" said Tony Wilcox, ASCAP spokesperson.
How to take the perfect penalty A sports psychologist says how footballers should prepare themselves for the high-pressure penalties.
Philippine Rail Cars Crash Into Ravine, 100 Trapped  MANILA (Reuters) - Rescuers in the Philippines smashed  train windows with axes and hammers Friday to reach 100  passengers trapped when a carriage derailed and dragged other  cars into a ravine, killing at least four people.
Tabbed Browsing Flaws Detected Tabbed browsing, one of the more popular features built into alternative Web browsers, contains a security flaw that puts users at risk of spoofing attacks, research firm Secunia warned on Wednesday.
Order for Saudi tankers goes to Hyundai Heavy DUBAI Hyundai Heavy Industries, the world #39;s largest shipbuilder, has won a Saudi order for two large oil tankers as OPEC pumps near capacity, lifting supertanker prices.
Google Debuts Desktop-Search Tool It enables people to retrieve E-mail from Outlook and Outlook Express, documents from Microsoft Office, chat sessions from AOL IM, and Web pages viewed with Internet Explorer.
Japan beefs up its defense stance With an eye to North Korea and China, Prime Minister Koizumi #39;s Cabinet is set to pass new guidelines Friday. By Bennett Richardson  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
FasTrak Toll Bridge Discounts End Monday About 70,000 motorists signed up for FasTrak, the electronic toll collection system, since July 1, when tolls went up from \$2 to \$3.
Media speculate on successor as England coach prepares to step &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; With Sir Clive Woodward seemingly on his way to soccer, England #39;s rugby team is looking for a new coach to follow up last year #39;s World Cup triumph.
Cordio paves the way For the last six years, the Leominster Blue Devils have endured a Thanksgiving Day filled with frustration instead of celebration.
Accused deserter surrenders in Japan An accused US Army deserter has surrendered at a US military base near Tokyo to face charges filed in 1965, the Kyodo news service reported.
Durable Goods Fall, Aircraft Orders Slump (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S. durable\goods slipped unexpectedly in August as civilian aircraft\demand plunged, but beat forecasts once transportation was\stripped out, government data showed on Friday.
US women avoid disaster, advance ATHENS -- Preliminary-round elimination would have been a disaster for the United States women. Desperate for a victory, the Americans avoided embarrassment by finally playing like a gold medal contender -- and like a team.
Finley finds a home with Angels CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Steve Finley will remain on the West Coast, but he #39;s decided to return to the American League after 14 seasons.
The OQO Should Run Linux \\This little OQO  machine is certainly pretty cool.  The biggest problem\though is that it doesn't run Linux.\\This leaves you with a device heavier than your PDA and all the insecurity and\bloat of Windows and with a price tag of only sub \$2000.\\People don't care what OS their PDA/Handtop runs.  It can run an alternative OS\and for the most part consumers don't care.  WinCE hasn't exactly been a stellar\market success.  While Microsoft does have significant market share PalmOS,\Symbian, and Linux are doing just fine.  Also most of the WinCE devices never\have the fit and finish of their Palm and Symbian counterparts.\\I don't know where OQO thinks they are going to fit in.  If they were to  ...\\
Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo sees Europe embracing hi-tech mobile phones TOKYO : Japan #39;s top mobile operator NTT DoCoMo believes Europe will embrace hi-tech telephones and expects a major boost in subscribers on the continent of its i-mode Internet service.
Sudan to attract most ICRC funds in 2005, 30-percent drop in cash for Iraq (AFP) AFP - Strife-torn Sudan will become the largest focus of aid work for the International Committee of the Red Cross in 2005, while money earmarked for Iraq will fall by almost one third, the agency said.
Update 1: Sysco Profit Climbs 8 Percent on Sales Sysco Corp., the country #39;s largest food service distributor, Monday said profit for its latest quarter rose 8 percent, as it increased sales and trimmed expenses despite the hurricanes in the Southeast.
BlackRock Buys State Street Research  NEW YORK (Reuters) - BlackRock Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BLK.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of the  largest U.S. fixed income managers, on Thursday said it will  buy its far smaller competitor State Street Research    Management Co., marking the biggest takeover in the asset  management business this year.
Eurozone data to confirm slumping confidence, easing inflation BRUSSELS (AFP) - Eurozone figures due out this week will confirm that confidence is slumping due to high oil prices and the rise of the euro, and that inflation is easing, economists said.
Howard Stern moves radio show to Sirius Shock jock Howard Stern announced Wednesday he #39;s taking his radio show off the public airwaves and over to Sirius satellite radio.
Ryder-You can bank on Tiger, says Sutton Tiger Woods has not won a major in two years and lost his world number one ranking but US Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton says reports of his demise will prove badly exaggerated this week.
Sky-high oil prices will ground air transport profits: IATA MONTREAL, Canada : Sky-high oil costs will keep air transport profits in the basement, with losses between three billion and four billion dollars this year, despite a pickup in traffic, the international air trade association said.
Big Unit, Not Bonds, Reaches Milestone (AP) AP - Barry Bonds was beaten by Randy Johnson in the race for baseball's latest milestone moment.
Amazon Snaps Up China's Largest Web Retailer (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) has said it will buy Joyo.com Limited -- a British Virgin Islands company that operates the largest Internet retail Web site in China -- for US #36;75 million.
Internet Pharmacies: Good or Bad? An investigation into the practice of Internet Pharmacies and how they are changing the U.S. pharmaceutical industry.
Mortgage Rates Rise Around the Country Mortgage rates around the country rose this week but are still at levels that should continue to provide support to the vibrant housing market, analysts say.
Oil rallies to new record high Crude oil futures rallied late Friday to a new record high of \$54.90, a day after a decline in the US inventory of heating oil roiled a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest among key producers.
Redskins Loss - Bad News for Bush, Great for Kerry The Washington Redskins lost their final home football game before the US presidential election on Sunday -- and that #39;s great news for Democratic Sen. John Kerry and bad news for President Bush.
News: Banks prepare for ATM cyber crime An industry and law enforcement group hopes to prevent Windows XP-based cash machines from inspiring ""the next wave of ATM crime.""\
IBM #39;s eServer Blue Gene For Sale IBM #39;s five-year, \$100 million Blue Gene project on Monday bore commercial fruit as the Armonk, NY-based computer maker announced it was offering the supercomputer to anyone who has at least \$1.
Autonomy, Mamma.com Join Desktop Search Ranks Not to be left out of desktop search, two search vendors on Monday leaped into the growing space for managing e-mail, documents and other hard-drive data.
Bombardier shares slump as CEO leaves Bombardier, the troubled Canadian maker of aircraft and trains, saw its shares fall by around 20 per cent in Toronto, after it announced that Paul Tellier was stepping down early as president and chief executive officer.
TiVo Net Loss Widens; Subscribers Grow TiVo Inc.(TIVO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of digital television recorders, on Monday said its quarterly net loss widened as it boosted spending to acquire customers, but subscribers to its fee-based TV service rose
An insurer sees the light Snoopy has left the building. Well, almost. MetLife Inc. , the insurance giant that employs Charlie Brown's dog in ads, is close to completing a deal to sell its State Street Research and Management investment arm to BlackRock Inc. for about \$400 million. Everyone involved will be better off for it.
China 'Deeply Concerned' at Japan's Defense Move  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China voiced deep concern on Saturday  over Japan's sweeping overhaul of defense policy that eased a  decades-old ban on arms exports and suggested a shift from a  defensive posture in place since its World War II defeat.
Hubble Sees Rare Triple Jupiter Eclipse Nov. 4, 2004 - A rare alignment of Jupiter #39;s three largest moons across the planet #39;s face was captured on film by the Hubble Space Telescope.
CAT and AstraZeneca enter \$175m collaboration AstraZeneca intends to invest over 120m in Cambridge Antibody Technology (CAT) through an innovative five-year research collaboration and a 75m equity
Saddam #39;s top aide al-Douri arrested File photo taken on March 1, 2003 shows Izzat Ibrahim at the Arab Summit in Sharm-el-Sheikh, Egypt. Ibrahim, the second most powerful man of the former Iraqi regime, was captured on Sept.
Patterson gets silver on balance beam Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Carly Patterson, the women #39;s all- around champion at the Summer Games, added another medal on Monday night with a silver in the balance beam competition.
Fired-up Baggaley takes silver Australia #39;s Nathan Baggaley was over the moon after winning the silver medal in the Olympic kayaking K1 500 event today. Double world champion Baggaley fired from the start and took an early lead but faded
Hobbit-sized Humans Called Homo floresiensis Discovered by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Long live the real Bilbo Baggins, the first Little People of the World, Homo floresiensis and Homo sapien archeologists Michael Morwood, Peter Brown and Professor Soejono!
Gone Phishing? Zastrossi writes  quot;According to the Anti-Phishing Working Group, phishing sites--the practice of making sites that look and act like popular sites such as banks in order to steal personal information from customers--rose from 543 sites in September to
General Motors Europe Axes 12,000 Jobs General Motors Europe (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will chop 12,000 jobs over two years -- around a fifth of its workforce -- to lop
AOL Is Said to Plan 700 Layoffs America Online, the country #39;s leading Internet service, is preparing to lay off as many as 700 of its 13,000 employees in the United States, according to an executive knowledgeable about its plans.
Fierce Clashes in Iraq Kill 34 People BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. forces battled insurgents loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Tuesday, in clashes that left at least 34 people dead, including one American soldier, and 193 people injured, U.S...
Bonds's Excuse Has the Scent of Snake Oil, Not Arthritis Balm Barry Bonds's ignorance of the substances obtained by his trainer from Balco is more childish than a youngster's excuse that ""the dog ate my homework.""
South Korea #39;s LG claims development of media broadcasts-receiving &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SEOUL: South Korea #39;s LG Electronics Inc announced that it has developed the world #39;s first mobile handset capable of receiving terrestrial digital multimedia broadcasts (DMB).
CSFB May Cut Costs by Merging Units, Shedding Jobs, People Say Credit Suisse First Boston, the securities arm of Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, plans to cut costs by combining some units and eliminating jobs, people familiar with the matter said.
Prodigy Adu Learns His Trade at DC United  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Teenager Freddy Adu, America's most  talked about soccer player, has hardly set the league alight  with his skills in his first season.
Ramirez should be taking it to heart When it comes down to this, when it's worse than you could have possibly imagined, if you are any kind of ballplayer at all, you look within and ask yourself what you can do to make it better.
US economic growth slips to 2.8 Annual US economic growth fell to 2.8 in the second quarter of 2004, marking a slowdown from the 3 estimated a month ago.
NASA Finishes Redesigned Shuttle Fuel Tank (Reuters) Reuters - NASA has finished building a redesigned\space shuttle fuel tank that was reconfigured to eliminate the\debris problem that doomed the shuttle Columbia and its seven\astronauts, agency officials said on Tuesday.
Iran to shun Europe nuclear deal Iran says it will reject any European proposal which requires it to halt its nuclear activities completely.
Genesis Spacecraft Prepares to Return to Earth with a Piece of the Sun In a dramatic ending that marks a beginning in scientific research, NASA's Genesis spacecraft is set to swing by Earth and jettison a sample return capsule filled with particles of the Sun that may ultimately tell us more about the genesis of our solar system.
Xabi Reckons England Are Great Xabi Alonso is prepared for a hard battle when Spain meet England in the Bernabeu on Wednesday having experienced the build-up from the other side.
Focus on deadly Africa diseases The UN's Global Fund meets African leaders in Tanzania for talks on fighting the world's deadliest diseases.
ONGC, Cairn Energy decide to team up Mumbai: Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and Scottish oil firm Cairn Energy Ltd have decided to team up for oil exploration and production (E amp;P) in the domestic as well as international markets.
Villeneuve back in driver #39;s seat and with a point to prove Canadian Jacques Villeneuve hopes to take his revenge on former team BAR by helping Renault take second place in the Formula One championship.
Nation's cybersecurity chief abruptly quits DHS post Amit Yoran, the government's cybersecurity chief, abruptly resigned yesterday after a year at the Department of Homeland Security, a move that raised questions about the Bush administration's ability to quickly improve cybersecurity.
Abu Ghraib report 'spreads blame' A report on the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal will blame at least two dozen more people, say US officials.
Thailand Shows No Easy War Against Wildlife Crime (Reuters) Reuters - With an AK-47 assault rifle slung over\his shoulder, Sompong Prajobjan roamed one of Thailand's lush\national parks for more than a decade.
Irish eyes turn to Clements ; Notre Dame interested in Bills &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Buffalo Bills offensive coordinator Tom Clements has emerged on a short list of candidates whom Notre Dame has targeted for its head coaching vacancy.
Astros erupt vs. Cards  #39;pen HOUSTON - Even in a season of 105 wins, there had to be losses. But not like this one. The Cardinals didn #39;t merely lose 6-5 to the Houston Astros in Game 4 of the National League Championship Series.
More harmful drugs may be on the market After writing about hundreds of individual and class-action lawsuits that have been filed on behalf of consumers who developed cancer, suffered heart attacks or other medical problems from hormone replacement therapy drugs and Vioxx, an FDA employee now
North Korea Resists Talks on Nuclear Arms North Korea said Monday that it will not resume talks on its nuclear weapons program until the Bush administration ends its  quot;hostile policy quot; against Pyongyang and
Bryant's 25 Helps Lakers Beat Clippers (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant scored 25 points and the Los Angeles Lakers got major contributions from their ever-improving reserves Friday night, beating the Clippers 113-102 in a preseason game.
UK #39;s Jaguar Workers Vote Against Strike Workers at Ford Motor Co. #39;s luxury British car unit, Jaguar, voted against a strike over plans to cut jobs and scale back production, unions said on Monday.
No. 19 Iowa Dominates Kent St., 39-7 (AP) AP - Drew Tate threw two touchdowns in his first start and No. 19 Iowa turned in a dominating defensive performance to beat Kent State 39-7 in the season opener Saturday.
Indians Mount Charge The Cleveland Indians pulled within one game of the AL Central lead by beating the Minnesota Twins, 7-1, Saturday night with home runs by Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez.
Diverted London Airliner Given All-Clear A police search concluded there was no threat to a New York-bound Greek airliner forced to make an emergency landing in Britain following a bomb threat that mentioned Iraq, officers said Monday.
SEC Charges Hollinger's Black with Fraud (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. regulators filed fraud charges\on Monday against former Hollinger International Inc. \Chairman Conrad Black and his deputy, David Radler, moving to\bar the two from serving as officers of a public company.
Senators Want Boeing Deal Investigated Leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee asked the Defense Department on Friday to have its inspector general #39;s office investigate the Air Force #39;s effort to
FDA Scientists Testing Limits of Medical Technology By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A little-known Food and Drug program is testing the latest medical technology to determine how safe and useful it can be.    One cutting-edge experiment is designed to see if injecting certain drugs directly into diseased arteries works better than commonly used stents in keeping arteries clear...
Bush, Kerry Trade Barbs Following Debate ALLENTOWN, Pa. - President Bush on Friday ripped into Sen...
Forecasters: More Hurricanes May Be on Way Ivan, Frances and Charley delivered three staggering blows to the Gulf Coast and Florida, as well as Caribbean island nations, all in just five weeks.
Musharraf Can Be Pakistan President and Army Chief  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan's acting president signed a  bill on Tuesday that will allow military ruler Pervez Musharraf  to stay on as army chief despite his pledge to quit the office  by the end of the year.
Injured Toomer might be able to play tomorrow Although Giants wide receiver Amani Toomer took limited work yesterday after missing the previous two days of practice, coach Tom Coughlin won #39;t decide on his availability
Study Suggests Bloodletting May Actually Work By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Could that ancient practice of bleeding patients really have done some good? A scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggests it just may have - for some people.    Bacteria need iron to cause infections...
EU will go it alone on nuclear project if French site bid fails BRUSSELS, Nov 9 (AFP) - The European Union said Tuesday it was prepared to forge ahead with a revolutionary nuclear energy project if negotiations with Japan and other backers on where to locate it break down.
Allergan to close contact-lens solution plant, lay off third of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Allergan Inc., the US drug company that makes the anti-wrinkle treatment Botox as well as contract lens solution at its Irish factory, plans to lay off more than a third of its Irish workforce as it ends its lens solution operations and
Sports: Cobbs out for the season DENTON, Texas Last season #39;s NCAA rushing and scoring leader will miss the rest of this football season. North Texas running back Patrick Cobbs has sprained ligaments in his left knee.
Va. Biotech Looks to Md. For Inspiration Business and education leaders in Northern Virginia are working hard to lure biotechnology companies. But for a daunting reminder of how far they need to go, all they have to do is look at neighboring Maryland. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
IBM puts grids to work at U.S. Open IBM will put a collection of its On Demand-related products and technologies to this test next week at the U.S. Open tennis championships, implementing a grid-based infrastructure capable of running multiple workloads including two not associated with the tournament.
US,  #39;EU-three #39; agree on demand The Bush administration reached a tentative deal yesterday with three European nations at the UN nuclear watchdog agency on the next step in confronting Iran over its suspected nuclear weapons program.
Stocks Drop After Greenspan Testimony NEW YORK - Investors were unmoved by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's improved assessment of the economy, with stocks falling narrowly Wednesday in light trading.    While Greenspan said the economy has ""regained some traction"" after the summer's slowdown, he echoed Wall Street's concerns over energy prices, which have fallen from record highs in recent weeks but stubbornly remain above \$40 per barrel...
Plan to ease sale of Abbey shares Abbey National shareholders will no longer need to fill in complex Spanish tax forms if BSCH's bid to buy the UK firm succeeds.
US MNT Streaking Into Final Round The US mens national team will look to extend their record unbeaten streak to 13 matches when the take on Jamaica at Columbus Crew Stadium in its final match of semifinal-round qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Falcons not cruising at 4-0; they #39;re working Jim Mora thought his team deserved a little something special. His Atlanta Falcons, with a thorough 27-10 pounding of the Carolina Panthers, had just extended their record to 4-0 for the first time since 1986.
China Shuts Down 1600 Internet Cafes Between February and August of this year, China has shut down 1,600 internet cafes, and handed out 100 million yuan fines (US\$12 million) to cafe operators, for allowing children access to violent or adult-only content and games.
Guerin trades NHL job for family business For the first time in three years, former Bruins forward Bill Guerin will be home with his family for Halloween. But he won't be dressing up as a National Hockey League player any time soon. He'll be a full-time dad to his four children while he waits -- with his NHL Players Association brethren -- for something to break in ...
Robinho #39;s mother releaased by kidnappers The mother of Santos striker Robinho was released unharmed on Friday, 40 days after she was kidnapped at a family gathering. Marina da Silva de Souza, 44, appeared healthy but thinner than when she was abducted
HP Wins Defense Contract HP (Quote, Chart) was awarded a \$290 million, 10-year outsourcing contract with the Defense Logistics Agency #39;s (DLA) Enterprise Data Center (EDC) program, officials announced Wednesday.
European Tour hopes still high in Canada Hopes of another European Tour victory on the US PGA Tour remained high as Jesper Parnevik and Vijay Singh enjoyed a share of second place after the third round of the Bell Canadian Open at the Glen Abbey course in Ontario.
Gas prices up 5 cents after Hurricane Ivan CAMARILLO, Calif. - Gas prices jumped more than 5 cents a gallon in the past two weeks, largely because of supply problems related to Hurricane Ivan, an industry analyst said.
Microsoft Brings TV to Xbox October 14, 2004 - Microsoft is set to release its Windows Media Center Extender for Xbox mid-November. The device will allow you to view recorded and downloaded media content stored on your PC via your Xbox.
Grief, tears as mother, seven children killed in house fire mourned (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ST. CATHARINES, Ont. (CP) - About 1,000 mourners filled a church Saturday for a funeral service for a mother and her seven children killed when fire tore through their century-old rural southwestern Ontario home.
Airlines Agree to Cut Flights at Chicago O'Hare  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. airlines have agreed to limit  flights into Chicago's O'Hare International Airport to 88  arrivals per hour between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m. in an effort to cut  congestion that has slowed the whole U.S. aviation system,  federal officials said on Wednesday.
Delta Sees Much Wider 3rd-Qtr Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  forecast a much wider third-quarter loss than Wall Street had  estimated, citing weak domestic fares and a spike in fuel  costs, sending its shares down nearly 6 percent.
Kidd #39;s lack of playing time hurting Nets Having Jason Kidd available for roughly 20 minutes a night is costing the New Jersey Nets. The New York Knicks took advantage of Kidd #39;s rationed minutes to get back in the game early and then capitalized on
Sun's Looking Glass Provides 3D View Developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
USC, Miami Top BCS Standings, Not Okla. Southern California took the top spot Monday in the season's first Bowl Championship Series standings, and surprisingly Miami is ahead of Oklahoma in a close race for the second spot.    Oklahoma is No...
Chirac Sees Opportunity in China's Economic Surge  BEIJING (Reuters) - French President Jacques Chirac  declared Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to  China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy deals, played  down any threat from one the world's fastest growing economies.
Australia: Wallets trump war A majority of Australians oppose the Iraq war, but they turned out to be more concerned about the economy.
Allergan to axe 325 Westport jobs The county #39;s largest employer said the jobs losses at its Westport plant occurred following the spin off of Allergan #39;s optical medical device business to Advanced Medical Optics (AMO).
Austrian Panel OKs Siemens Takeover Bid Austrian regulators have approved Siemens AG #39;s bid to takeover engineering competitor VA Technologie AG, Austrian radio said Friday.
Best Buy a Bad Deal? Attorney General Jim Petro is suing Best Buy, alleging the electronics retailer has engaged in unfair and deceptive business practices.
Israeli Forces Thrust Into Northern Gaza (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli forces thrust into the outskirts\of the Jabalya refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip on\Thursday in what the military said was an effort to stop\Palestinians firing rockets into Israel.
PM Hails Successful Launch Of Agni II NEW DELHI, AUG 29: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday congratulated the scientists and engineers for the successful launch of the Agni II missile.
Pakistani PM-elect takes parliament confidence vote Pakistani Prime Minister- elect Shaukat Aziz Saturday secured vote of confidence in the National Assembly (NA), the powerful lower house of the parliament,a requirement under the country #39;s constitution.
Wonder Bread, Twinkies maker files for bankruptcy Interstate Bakeries Corp. , the purveyor of lunch box staples Wonder Bread and Twinkies, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday, felled by the combination of a more health conscious public and smothering operational costs.
Red Hat Buys Technology from Netscape (Reuters) Reuters - Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. \said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape's computer user\identification and management technology from America Online\Inc., a unit of Time Warner Inc.
Braves, Smoltz agree to new deal Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Braves announced Thursday that the team has come to terms with longtime pitcher John Smoltz to a new two-year contract with a club option for the 2007 season.
AOL attacks the spimmers A volley of lawsuits was launched against alleged spammers on Thursday by the four major US Internet service providers. This includes a case brought by AOL against twenty individuals accused of spimming, or
San Antonio (15-3) at Chicago (2-12) 8:30 pm EST CHICAGO (Ticker) -- Two teams heading in opposite directions meet Monday at the United Center when the San Antonio Spurs visit the Chicago Bulls.
Virgin dips its toe into the Pacific SIR Richard Branson did not disappoint with his stunts yesterday, flying into Sydney to promote his international airline Virgin Atlantic.
PeopleSoft sweetens employee compensation Business software maker PeopleSoft Friday said it was boosting compensation packages for all employees except its chief executive in a move that would raise the
S Leone takes control of Freetown UN peacekeepers hand control of security in the Sierra Leone capital, Freetown, to local forces after the end of a brutal war.
Palestinians to host Western diplomats Sponsors of an internationally backed Mideast peace plan will send their foreign ministers to the region next week in hopes of restarting Israeli-Palestinian talks in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Flat-screen TV But the booming demand isn #39;t proving profitable for the companies that make the high-resolution video panels. For electronics retailers, it will be the holiday season of the flat-screen TV.
Deutsche Bank Defends Role in Collapse of Company in Singapore Deutsche Bank defended today its role in the collapse of a Chinese government-controlled company in Singapore early last week, as investigators continued to study what went wrong.
Federer back in Open #39;s fourth round with masterful performance For most tennis players, having about the same number of clean winners as unforced errors translates into a pretty good performance.
Japanese Baseball Players, Owners Reach Deal (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese baseball players and club\representatives reached a deal Thursday to end the first strike\in the 70-year history of the sport in Japan, with owners\agreeing to let newcomers into the leagues as early as next\season.
Orthodox patriarch killed in Greek air crash ATHENSEgypt #39;s Patriarch of Alexandria, whose post traces its lineage to one of Christ #39;s disciples, was killed with his Greek Orthodox retinue yesterday in a helicopter crash, Greek authorities confirmed.
Rivers soaks up his big moment The game ball was retrieved following the Celtics #39; 107-73 victory over the Knicks last night. It will be appropriately lettered and presented to coach Doc Rivers to commemorate his first win for the club.
Adobe updates RAW plug-in with digital negative format Adobe has updated Photoshop #39;s support for digital cameras #39; RAW image formats. The new plug-in adds to the number of camera models supported and includes a utility for converting images into the DNG, digital negative format.
Stopping spam at the source New antispam technology standards are on the way that promise to hit spammers where it hurts the most--their wallets. At issue is the ability to authenticate the original source of e-mail messages, a major
Japan should outsource more The Japanese information services industry clocked up sales of 13,703.9 billion yen in fiscal 2001, according to a report on selected service industries for 2001 released by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI).
As reserve, Penny seeks Knick payoff The aging process for veteran NBA players is usually accelerated when they have reached their tenth season. Penny Hardaway has 11 years and 647 games on his odometer and he can feel it in his bones and joints.
Brown calls for Labour unity Chancellor Gordon Brown has sought to quell speculation over who should run the Labour Party and turned the attack on the opposition Conservatives.
Russians Next In Line To Receive Cheap Windows After Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia, Microsoft has identified Russia as the fourth market for its low cost scaled down operating system, Windows XP Starter Edition (XP SE).
Pakistan Says Militants on the Run, Despite Blast  NANO, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani forces are driving al  Qaeda-linked militants out of mountains near the Afghan border  but attacks such as a bomb that wounded soldiers on Saturday  could not be ruled out, a commander said.
Vijay follows in Tiger #39;s footsteps Tiger Woods has put himself in some peculiar positions this year. He has struggled just to make the cut. Tee shots have ricocheted off corporate tents and small children.
Football: Azerbaijan 0-1 England Michael Owen heads England's winner in the World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan.
Report: IBM software executive to become CA CEO Computer Associates is set to name a recently departed IBM executive as its new chief executive officer, The Wall Street Journal reported online on Monday.
Retail sales improve amid caution The High Street perked up in September,   but consumer confidence is falling as a result of higher interest rates and concerns over the housing market,  figures reveal.
NEEMO's Undersea Operations: Making Telemedicine a Long Distance Reality (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - It gives new meaning to the term ""housecall"", but aquanauts aboard NASA's undersea research station, Aquarius, have performed simulated medical procedures with the help of a Canadian doctor 1300 miles away.
Cisco Systems 1st-Quarter Earnings Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Cisco Systems Inc., the biggest maker\of equipment that directs data over the Internet, on Tuesday\said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on rising demand for\its networking gear.
Rebel Attacks Hit Baghdad as Rumsfeld Visits Iraq A rocket attack and suicide car bombing killed at least four people in Baghdad Sunday as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld began an unannounced visit to Iraq to gauge efforts to calm violence before January elections.
Probe Examining Fannie's Promises Fannie Mae chief executive Franklin D. Raines invited reporters to his Wisconsin Avenue headquarters a year ago to complain good-naturedly that recent disclosures of accounting manipulations at smaller rival Freddie Mac had unjustly hurt his company.
Han earns a hand with playoff triumph Hee-Won Han made a 4-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Lorie Kane and win the Safeway Classic on Sunday at Portland, Ore.
Putin in Brazil for space talks Russian president Vladimir Putin visits Brazil for talks on its space programme and the sale of fighter planes.
Consumer Confidence Hits 7-Month Low   NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers turned more gloomy in  October, beset by soaring energy prices, relentless violence in  Iraq and the increasingly bitter end of the presidential  election campaign.
SEC may finalize Qwest settlement today The Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to announce today a settlement with Qwest that is highly critical of  quot;senior management, quot; two sources familiar with the case said.
Plan B Proposes Its Own Alternatives Donnie Downs, president and chief executive of Plan B Technologies Inc., said the company itself is a ""plan B.""
Dolphins owner Huizenga stayed with likeable Wannstedt a little &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; This bit of coaching euthanasia -- Dave Wannstedt getting whacked (or whatever they called it) by the Dolphins -- had to happen. I #39;m  quot;stepping aside for the good of the team #39; #39; is what he told me just after noon today.
Wireless Operators Team on Wi-Fi Roaming NTT Communications, T-Mobile USA, Telstra, StarHub, and Maxis Communications have joined to establish roaming arrangements that allow customers to use wireless broadband services from Internet access points -- called hotspots quot; -- in their countries
SAS Braathens to cut Gatwick, Geneva flights blackhawk writes  quot;SAS Braathens, the Norwegian unit of Scandinavian airline SAS, will cut Oslo routes to Geneva and London Gatwick in the first step of a plan to eliminate 10 routes.
Without Batting An Eyelash : A very French welcome for a new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THAT night, it seemed as if three or four parties were going on at once in Cosmo Manille. Wrong, palanggas. Actually, there were five in Makati alone, and one of them had a stream of traffic
Overtime Goal Puts Canada in World Cup Hockey Final Vincent Lecavalier #39;s goal 3:45 into overtime earned Canada a nail-biting 4-3 victory over the Czech Republic on Saturday and a place in the final of the World Cup of Hockey.
After Steep Drop, Price of Oil Rises The freefall in oil prices ended Monday on a spate of ominous developments, including a deadly attack on a US consulate in Saudi Arabia and reports that OPEC might cut production this week.
Defensive adjustments keep it close The Chargers #39; defense had one of its better games in recent years, despite allowing 23 points. One of the keys was an adjustment to disrupt the Broncos #39; passing game.
Science counts species on brink A list of 15,000 species threatened with extinction - many of them by human activity - is published.
HP Moves Deeper Into Consumer Electronics Personal computer giant Hewlett-Packard Co. is stepping deeper than ever into the consumer electronics arena with its fall product lineup - so don't be surprised if you hear about ""HP TV"" along with ""HDTV"" when shopping for your next television.
HP to tempt holiday shoppers with sights and sounds The computer-hardware giant, best known for products such as PCs and printers, on Friday laid out its plan to become a brand-name in consumer electronics products such as flat-screen TVs, music players and the devices that move content between them.
Israelis Trudge Home, in Shock After Bombings At least 29 people were killed and more than 160 were injured in what Israeli officials believed were terrorist bombings.
Group to Propose New High-Speed Wireless Format  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A group of technology companies  including Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;TXN.N&gt;, STMicroelectronics  &lt;STM.PA&gt; and Broadcom Corp. &lt;BRCM.O&gt;, on Thursday said they  will propose a new wireless networking standard up to 10 times  the speed of the current generation.
IT Heavies Launch  quot;MegaGrid quot; Project SAN FRANCISCO -- Four mainstream IT companies are pooling resources to launch a standardized enterprise grid infrastructure based on their products.
Liberty Alliance names first director, new members The Liberty Alliance Project signalled that it expects to have longevity when it comes to developing and promoting federated identity standards by naming its first executive director on Monday.
Troubled Real and Roma meet as Champions League resumes Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Two clubs with storied tradition but in the midst of current turmoil will meet Tuesday when Real Madrid and Roma highlight Matchday 2 of the UEFA Champions League group play.
webcrawler: A9.com is cool NOW heres something else thats off the mind. Theres no more need to make mental or computer notes while searching the Internet.
MSN Messenger difficulties - Virus People using Microsoft #39;s instant-messaging software, MSN Messenger, may have been a mite lonely this weekend, with only a virus to keep them company.
Ovitz Defends His Tenure Michael Ovitz said on Tuesday that Walt Disney Co. would have made a string of dazzling deals and shrewd strategic moves during his brief tenure as the company #39;s president
Parmalat Investors Flock to Court Seeking Damages (Update2) Hundreds of Italians who lost savings in the collapse of food company Parmalat Finanziaria SpA flocked to Milan #39;s courthouse, seeking to recover damages as part of the criminal investigation of Italy #39; biggest bankruptcy.
Groups Offers Beer for Blood Donations (AP) AP - Some in Michigan who roll up their sleeves to donate blood will get a racetrack T-shirt, hat and pin. Sponsors in San Diego have given away whale-watching trips. On Wednesday, the Cleveland Regional Transit Authority handed out vouchers for a pint of any beverage, including beer, in exchange for a pint of blood.
Palestinians kill three Israeli soldiers Palestinian fighters sneaked onto an Israeli military post at a small Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip early yesterday under cover of darkness and a thick morning fog
Russian atmosphere hard for Westerners The government has eviscerated Russia #39;s Western-style oil company, Yukos, in what has been widely viewed as political payback.
Stocks in a rut According to the FTSE World Index Japan has been best performer of the major markets with a 6 per cent rise in dollar terms while Germany, down 7.7 per cent, was the worst.
Fresno St. Blows Out No. 13 Kansas State (AP) AP - Paul Pinegar threw two touchdown passes to Matt Rivera and ran for another score, and Fresno State upset No. 13 Kansas State 45-21 on Saturday.
Jakarta Embassy Blast Kills 9, Hurts 173 JAKARTA, Indonesia - Suspected Muslim militants detonated a car bomb Thursday outside the Australian Embassy in Jakarta, killing nine people and wounding 173 in a bloody strike at a key U.S. ally in the war in Iraq...
Venus gets revenge, Mauresmo withdraws ZURICH, Switzerland (Ticker) - Venus Williams got a measure of revenge against Karolina Sprem of Croatia at the Swisscom Challenge on Tuesday.
The East-West stakes over Ukraine Russian and Western leaders are sharply at odds over the country's election crisis.
Meet UK #39;s  #39;Dr Dolittle #39; of animal behaviour London - Lincoln University in the east of England has appointed Britain #39;s first professor of animal psychiatry, a report said on Tuesday.
Streaking Astros Clock Reds 11-5 (AP) AP - Astros pitcher Brandon Backe hit his first career homer, a two-run shot, and allowed one run in seven innings to keep Houston in the thick of the NL wild-card chase with an 11-5 rout of the Cincinnati Reds on Monday.
Campaign Spending on Rise in House Races (AP) AP - Ground zero for the country's costliest House race is Dallas, where two congressmen shoehorned into the same new district have each raised  #36;4.1 million  #151; and counting  #151; to bash each other with television ads and sophisticated mailings.
Wal-Mart Keeps Its September Sales View Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday maintained its September sales forecast and said back-to-school demand picked up for key categories including electronics and clothing after a sluggish start.
Pakistan and India agree to cooperate on easing tensions and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The leaders of India and Pakistan promised Friday to work together to  quot;restore normalcy and cooperation quot; between their countries and seek peace in the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir.
Barents Sea Under Threat from Fishing, Oil (Reuters) Reuters - The Arctic Barents Sea is\under threat from overfishing, oil and gas exploration and\Soviet-era radioactive waste, the U.N. Environment Program said\on Tuesday.
Sony Shift to Support MP3 &lt;a href=""http://arstechnica.com/news/posts/20040923-4222.html""&gt;Sony considers adding native mp3 support to its players&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Ars Technica&lt;/nobr&gt;
Shoppers return in September, sales up 1.5 Shoppers were out last month, propelling sales at the nation #39;s retailers by a strong 1.5, best showing since March. The sizable gain reported by the Commerce Department on Friday came
11 Dead in a Car Bomb in Kabul KABUL (Masnet  amp; News Agencies) - At least eleven people, including two US citizens, were killed when a truck bomb exploded in downtown Kabul in the second deadly blast to strike Afghanistan over the weekend.
Probe Sought on Charges FDA Discredited Whistleblower The head of the Senate Finance Committee called on the US Department of Health and Human Services to launch a probe of allegations that the US Food and Drug Administration went out of its way to discredit a whistleblower.
AIG #39;s War of Words with Watchdogs America #39;s largest insurer is in hot water again with regulators. American International Group (AIG ) said on Oct. 4 that officials at the Securities  amp; Exchange Commission and the Justice Dept.
Season could be over for Manninger Austrian goalkeeper Alex Manninger could miss the rest of the season after dislocating his shoulder in Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifying draw with Northern Ireland.
Google Enhances Discussion Groups Google is improving on the discussions its popular Web site hosts, hoping the upgrades will spur more online banter and make its market-leading search engine a richer destination.
Jeanne death toll over 600 in Haiti (09/21/04)-- The death toll keeps rising in Haiti. Officials say at least 622 people have been killed by Hurricane Jeanne. Jeanne was downgraded to a tropical
Minaya ahead in count even if he strikes out This is the way Mets fans wanted their team to do it with Vladimir Guerrero and Alex Rodriguez. They wanted the general manager of the moment, Steve Phillips or Jim Duquette, to get in there early.
Let a Thousand Ideas Flower: China Is a New Hotbed of Research In recent years, hundreds of multinational companies have set up research laboratories in China.
Boys 'cured' with gene therapy  Gene therapy can cure children born with a condition that knocks out their natural defences against infection, mounting evidence shows.
Video phones act as dating tools Plus: At 80, fractal discoverer Benoit Mandelbrot says he has much math work left to do. News.com Extra
Rams' Faulk Downgraded to Questionable  ST. LOUIS, Mo., (Sports Network) - St. Louis Rams running  back Marshall Faulk has been downgraded from probable to  questionable for Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers  with a bruised left knee.
Supreme Court to Review Inmate Freedom Law (AP) AP - The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to consider the constitutionality of a federal law that requires state prisons to accommodate inmate religions, from Christianity to Satanism.
Oracle case bounces to Europe The European Commission is studying the U.S. court decision favoring Oracle's PeopleSoft buyout and deciding whether to pursue its own objections.
Poll: I was right to let Henry score Referee Graham Poll has insisted that he acted within the laws of the game when he allowed Thierry Henry to take a quick free-kick yesterday.
Lokomotiv Moscow captures league title Moscow, Russia (Sports Network) - Lokomotiv Moscow won the Russian Premier League championship on the final day of the season with a 2-0 victory over Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Karzai heading for Afghan victory Supporters of Afghan President Hamid Karzai say he is on course to win the presidential elections, with about one-quarter of the votes counted.
Indian state rolls out wireless broadband Government in South Indian state of Kerala sets up wireless kiosks as part of initiative to bridge digital divide.
DATA VIEW: HK Exports Slow In July, But Momentum Intact HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong #39;s export expansion slowed a touch in July, as expected, but still continued at double-digit rates thanks to high trade volume with mainland China.
PalmOne to play with Windows Mobile? Rumors of Treo #39;s using a Microsoft operating system have been circulating for more than three years. Now an investment bank reports that PalmOne will use a
Stocks Leap, Dow Up 142 Points at Open US stocks soared at the open on Wednesday as investors bet that George W. Bush would soon be declared the winner in the tight presidential race despite disputed results in the key state of Ohio.
India, Russia must work together on new tech: Putin BANGALORE, DEC 5: Russian President Vladimir Putin has called upon India and Russia to work together on innovative technologies with younger generation taking the lead.
Rebel Attacks Kill 12 Iraqis; GI #39;s Injured Insurgents launched strikes on Saturday at United States and Iraqi outposts across Iraq, killing at least a dozen Iraqi police officers and national guardsmen
Mass. franchisees hit Shell in lawsuit Four years after filing suit against the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos., Shell service station owners in Massachusetts went before a US District Court judge in Boston yesterday, charging that Shell took several measures in the late 1990s to drive them out of business.
Court to hear Microsoft appeal to \$521M Eolas ruling A panel of judges on Thursday is scheduled to hear Microsoft's appeal in a case where a jury ordered the software maker to pay \$520.6 million in damages after finding that Internet Explorer (IE) infringed on a patent.
Suspect Animal Tested for Mad Cow Disease  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Government scientists are chasing a  possible new case of mad cow disease in the United States, with  final results on a suspicious slaughtered animal expected in  coming days, officials said on Thursday.
Sudan peace talks resume Peace talks between Darfur rebels and the Sudanese Government have resumed after a 24-hour boycott by rebels who accused Khartoum of violating a ceasefire by killing 75 civilians in six villages.
Afghan officials meet kidnappers to seek release of UN workers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL (AFP) - Militants claiming to hold three foreign UN workers met Afghan officials on Sunday and gave them a list of 26 prisoners whom they want to swap for their hostages, a spokesman for the group said.
Santander: Rejects Spanish court tax ruling on execs LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spain #39;s Banco Santander (STD) said it was in  quot;complete disagreement with a judicial decision quot; on Wednesday after a Spanish court ruling on tax fraud in a case dating from the 1980s.
Palace Bans Two Fans The Palace in Auburn Hills bans two men from events for their involvement in last month's brawl between the Pistons and Indian Pacers.
US Stops Short of Backing Brazil on UN Council Seat The United States stopped short of endorsing Brazil #39;s ambition for a permanent seat on an expanded UN Security Council but did say the country would be a  quot;solid candidate.
Halo 2 for Xbox Leaked Online Microsoft confirms that a pirated copy of Halo 2 for Xbox in the PAL video format and French language started circulating on the Internet this week over newsgroups and piracy sites.
Trust Digital Gets CEO, Cash Influx Trust Digital Inc., a McLean software company, is getting a new chief executive and \$3.1 million in new investments as it tries to expand its business making security software for wireless devices. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
UPDATE:James Hardie 1H Net Disappoints; Cuts FY Forecast SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian building products manufacturer James Hardie Industries NV (JHX) surprised investors Monday by reporting a 9.5 drop in net profit for
Except for less export business, most find little to complain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Longtime Gonzales County rancher Jim Selman, who raises calves in the biggest cattle county in the nation #39;s biggest cattle state, sees 2004 as a year to remember.
On Wall Street: Dominic Rushe: Disney trial is more than a Mickey &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WILMINGTON, Delaware, isnta popular spot with the Hollywood crowd. I imagine they would be a bit sniffy about what passes for local entertainment.
Carly Patterson Wins Gymnastics All-Around Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Carly Patterson upstaged Russian diva  Svetlana Khorkina to become the first American in 20 years to  win the women's Olympic gymnastics all-round gold medal on  Thursday.
Ohio State #39;s big plays kill Wolverines Football coaches, especially those at Michigan, continually stress the importance of preventing the big play. A lot of players didn #39;t get the message on Saturday.
Clijsters and Hewitt reach break point There are two consolations for disillusioned tennis romantics upset by yesterday #39;s news of the split of Lleyton Hewitt and Kim Clijsters four months before their scheduled marriage.
Mutant book wins Guardian prize A book about the evolution of mutants and the science of abnormality has won the Guardian First Book Award 2004.
Belarus Bank Denies Money Laundering Charge A bank in Belarus has denied US charges that it laundered money for former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. Infobank, in a statement, said it has strictly followed international agreements related to the fight against illegal transactions.
Yasser Arafat dies Yasser Arafat, who triumphantly forced his peoples plight into the world spotlight but failed to achieve his lifelong quest for Palestinian statehood, died today, aged 75, Palestinian Cabinet minister Saeb Erekat confirmed.
Baseball's Homeless Franchise Bud Selig, the Major League Baseball commissioner, didn't realize he was gambling when he awarded the Expos to Washington.
Bush Pledges Strong-Dollar Policy President Bush meets with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the Oval Office of the White House, Wednesday, Dec. 15, 2004, in Washington.
Sihamoni ready to take over: PHNOM PENH, Oct. 10. - King Norodom Sihanouk declared on Sunday that his son, Crown Prince Norodom Sihamoni is ready to accept kingship.
Take Two Torts and Call Me in the Morning The friction that sometimes strains the patient-doctor relationship when lawyers seek medical care is at an all-time high.
Liverpool target Morientes after Cisse break Djibril Cisse #39;s horrific injury will spur Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez into a renewed bid to prise striker Fernando Morientes from Real Madrid when the transfer window opens in January.
Titans Release No. 3 QB Jason Gesser (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans released Jason Gesser, their third quarterback, on Sunday and plan to replace him with a veteran.
Cayman Islands hit by hurricane The full force of Hurricane Ivan has hit the Cayman Islands, ripping up homes and causing extensive flooding. Up to 40,000 residents - including a large British expat community - hid in homes and shelters to try and escape Ivan #39;s ferocious 155mph winds.
Blast kills one, injures 15 in southwest Pakistan QUETTA, Pakistan - A bomb fixed to a bicycle killed one man and injured 15 people in southwestern Pakistans restive desert province of Baluchistan on Thursday, police said.
Single License for Dual Core at Microsoft Microsoft (Quote, Chart) said it has clarified its software licensing policies to address a new trend in microprocessors and to keep the pressure on its rivals.
Kmart Swings to Profit in 2Q; Stock Surges (AP) AP - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. surged 17 percent Monday after the discount retailer reported a profit for the second quarter and said chairman and majority owner Edward Lampert is now free to invest the company's  #36;2.6 billion in surplus cash.
AOL Upgrades Multimedia Search Site com. America Online Inc. on Wednesday launched new features in its Singingfish search site for audio and video on the Web. AOL, a division of Time Warner Inc.
Top Seed Federer Struggles Through in Thai Opener  BANGKOK (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer toiled to beat  battling Frenchman Nicolas Thomann and reach the second round  of the Thailand Open on Tuesday.
Sorenstam wins Hammons Classic Annika Sorenstam won her fifth LPGA Tour event of the year, closing with a 1-under 70 Sunday for a four-shot victory at the John Q. Hammons Classic.
Indonesian diplomats asked to help improve RI #39;s bad image JAKARTA (Antara): President Susilo Yudhoyono asked Indonesian diplomats on Monday to help the government improve Indonesia #39;s bad image.
Rioters firebomb police station TERRIFIED police have told how they feared they would die as a rampaging mob burnt down the police station in which they were trapped on Palm Island, off north Queensland.
Techs Lead Asian Shares Down, Oil Eases  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Technology stocks led Asian share  markets lower on Friday after a retreat by their U.S. peers,  with investors cautious amid record-breaking oil prices and  ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the day.
Lord #39;s smiles on India once more India bowled England all out for 181 to win the third one-day international of the NatWest Challenge at Lord #39;s by 23 runs. England would have gone into the second innings confident.
Biography of a Worm Can anything stop the next global virus outbreak? We follow the trail of one recent worm to see how the security system works--and whether it can be fixed.
Motorists Submitting to High Gas Prices (AP) AP - Americans appear to be getting used to paying more to drive  #151; even if it means they have less money to buy other things. For example, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, blamed disappointing sales in August on the fact that shoppers spent more just getting to and from its stores.
Static over RFID A key patent holder wants royalties. If that starts a trend, adoption of radio frequency identification technology could suffer.
Intel lauds milestone in shrinking chips Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industry #39;s pace of development is slowing, Intel Corp has announced that it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of transistors that will power its next-generation chips.
'Cure' a 4-Letter Word for Cancer Doctors At a time when more people are cured of cancer than ever before, fewer doctors seem willing to say so. They call the cancer undetectable, or in remission. They tell patients they can quit seeing cancer specialists. They quote statistics and say chances are slim that the disease will come back.
Trading blows When a can of worms is opened, all manner of slimy things crawl out. So it was when the US government fired the first shots in a fusillade against the European Union - by complaining to the World Trade Organisation
Windows Tip: Scheduled Tasks written by Greg Melton on Monday &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If you always forget to scan for viruses, update virus protection, run Disk Defragmenter, or run any other system tool, look to the Task Scheduler for help.
Guinn #39;s lack of fire does him in Amazing what a change of scenery will do. After moving training camps from Houston to San Antonio after a couple of lackluster performances, featherweight contender Rocky
Survey: Napster, iTunes beat other download brands (MacCentral) MacCentral - Market research company Ipsos-Insight on Tuesday announced the results of TEMPO, a quarterly survey of digital music behaviors. According to the report, consumers aged 12 and older in the United States were as likely to be aware of Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store and Napster 2.0 when it came to recognizing digital music download brands -- each music service registered 20 percent of what TEMPO refers to as ""top-of-mind"" awareness.
No. 12 Virginia loses key defensive player Charlottesville, VA (Sports Network) - The No. 12 ranked Virginia Cavaliers will be without defensive end Chris Canty for the remainder of the season.
Storage Networking World Highlights News and survey results from Computerworld's twice-annual storage conference.
Germany Cedes 2006 Cup Honor to Brazil (AP) AP - Germany declined the chance to play in the opening game of the 2006 World Cup, with the host nation ceding the honor to Brazil, the 2002 champion.
Anxious wait for whale rescuers RESCUE workers will know this morning if their attempts to save whales beached yesterday on Maria Island, off Tasmania #39;s east coast, were successful.
Web Site Shows Two Beheadings in Iraq Three hooded gunmen pose with an unidentified Turkish hostage, who they threatened to behead unless all American release all Iraq prisoners, and all Turks leave Iraq, in this image made from a television broadcast by Al-Arabiya television, Monday Oct.
Colombia back in business, needs reforms-Uribe Colombia is back in business and the Andean country has ample room for growth backed by aggressive and transparent government policies but with some challenges
Wall Street Set for a Flat Start (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was set for a flat start on\Tuesday as investors braced themselves for a slew of data, with\a steadier dollar helping to offset the impact of firmer crude\oil prices.
Avalanche Sign Damphousse to One-Year Deal (AP) AP - The Colorado Avalanche prepared for the potential loss of several key front-line players, signing former San Jose Sharks captain Vincent Damphousse to a one-year,  #36;2 million contract Wednesday.
Tough courses  #39;killing excitement #39; RICHARD Green is campaigning for a fair go for players in a bid to make home tour tournaments more exciting this summer. Green blasted the brutal course set-up for last week #39;s Australian Open, claiming it
US ends Jamaica #39;s Cup hopes Eddie Johnson scored his fifth goal in three games Wednesday and the US national soccer team eliminated Jamaica from 2006 World Cup contention with a 1-1 tie at Columbus, Ohio.
Ford, GM report slow November sales The nation #39;s two largest automakers on Wednesday reported weak November sales, but both expressed confidence that new products would help them pick up momentum.
Cairn Energy sees profits slide British oil and gas firm Cairn Energy has seen profits drop 40, but reports strong reserves in its Indian oil fields.
Pepperdine 80, Fairleigh Dickinson 79 Glen McGowan had 22 points and little-used reserve Chase Griffin came off the bench to make two clutch free throws to help Pepperdine hold off Fairleigh Dickinson 80-79 Friday for fifth place in the BCA Invitational.
Nursery rhymes more violent than TV (Reuters) Reuters - Children's nursery rhymes contain 10 times more violence than television shows broadcast before the\9 p.m. ""watershed"" after which more adult content can be shown, research has said.
Vornado Buys 4.3 Pct. Sears Stake Vornado Realty Trust said on Friday it has acquired a 4.3 percent stake in the retailer Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.. Sears #39; stock rose as high as \$45.
Tech Firms Keep Riding Chinese Tiger Microsoft watched a software deal with China go bust less than two weeks into the contract. And Beijing is pushing its government IT officials to buy local. But China remains a vibrant market where tech firms have to stay in play. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
SI.com SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- A late rally gave the San Diego Padres a rare win over the St. Louis Cardinals. Ryan Klesko delivered a go-ahead RBI single to start a four-run outburst in the bottom of the eighth inning as San Diego posted a 7-3 victory over St.
Seahawks Take NFC West The Seahawks deny a Falcons' two-point try for the tie with no time remaining to wrap up the NFC West, 28-26, on Sunday.
Redskins Coach Bemoans Questionable Calls (AP) AP - Apparently even a Hall of Fame coach doesn't get a break from the officials.
Intel Cancels Revamped Chip The Intel Corporation said that it was canceling plans to market a faster version of its Pentium 4 chip to focus on products with ""more bang for the buck.""
Iran May Soon Resume Uranium Enrichment (AP) AP - Iran may resume uranium enrichment ""any moment,"" the nation's intelligence minister said on state television Monday, two days after the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency demanded that Tehran halt all such activity.
Ryder Cup: Europe close on victory Another good day at Oakland Hills sees Europe move 11-5 clear of the USA going into Sunday's Ryder Cup singles.
Court Weighs Legal Rights of Mich. Poor (AP) AP - With backing from two-fifths of all states, Michigan asked the Supreme Court on Monday to whether a state can refuse to pay for appeals by indigent defendants who plead guilty to crimes.
Pinochet questioned by investigative judge An investigative judge has questioned former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for half an hour to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds of human rights cases stemming from his 1973-1990 rule.
JPEG exploit could beat antivirus software Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Brewers introduce prospective buyer Milwaukee, WI (Sports Network) - Mark L. Attanasio was introduced as next owner of the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday. Attanasio, an investor from Los Angeles, is planning on buying the team from the family of Commissioner Bud Selig.
UPDATE 1-Struggling Singh stays ahead in Pennsylvania World number one Vijay Singh stayed two shots clear of the field after struggling to a level-par 72 in the third round of the \$4.2 million Pennsylvania Classic on Saturday.
Big Dig Tunnel Is Riddled With Leaks In a burgeoning political and engineering scandal, Boston #39;s gleaming new underground Interstate 93 highway is riddled with hundreds of leaks.
GAME DAY RECAP Sunday, November 28 Sandora Irvin had 23 points and 17 rebounds and TCU upset a ranked team for the second night in a row, beating Michigan State (No.
Qwest to pay \$250 mn to settle with SEC Qwest Communications International, the US telecommunications group, is understood to have agreed to pay \$250 million to end a two-year federal probe of alleged fraudulent accounting practices employed by former management.
Sony Burner For Mac Users Sony has introduced a Mac compatible external double-layer dual-format DVD drive. The DRX-710UL-T comes with Roxio #39;s Toast 6 Lite software and will be available next month.
Former Saddam Deputy Arrested in Iraq (AP) AP - Iraqi authorities claimed on Sunday to have captured Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, the most wanted member of Saddam Hussein's ousted dictatorship, but there was confusion over the report, as the Iraqi defense minister said word of his arrest was ""baseless.""
Merck Shares Drop on Report of Documents About Vioxx Drug Merck  amp; Co. shares fell as much as 7 percent to their lowest level in more than eight years after the Wall Street Journal said the drugmaker tried for years to stop safety concerns from hurting sales of its Vioxx painkiller.
Ireland blocks calls to 13 countries to thwart internet scam Ireland #39;s telecom regulator said this week that is taking  quot;extraordinary quot; measures to protect internet users from rogue autodialer programs that hijack their modems and run up long-distance phone charges by suspending direct dialing to 13 countries, most
Upstarts Guatemala, Panama Face Crunch Qualifiers  RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Upstarts Guatemala and Panama  face crunch matches against more experienced CONCACAF opponents  Saturday as they continue their quest to qualify for a first  World Cup.
Hooker Furniture Puts Investors First Closing a factory is never popular, but it's the right thing to do.
China shuts 1,600 cybercafes The Chinese government confirmed this weekend that it has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100m yuan since March, when it began its crackdown on violent or pornographic content, and other material it considers harmful to public
Nebraska Player Charged With Assault An arrest warrant was issued Friday, Nov. 19, 2004, for Nebraska offensive lineman Darren DeLone, shown in this undated handout photo.
Update 2: General Mills to Make Cereals Whole Grain The Trix Rabbit and that Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet. General Mills announced Thursday that it will convert all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain.
Coleman Enjoys Fulhams Battling Display Fulham manager Chris Coleman was delighted with his side #39;s second-half performance, which brought them a hard-earned point in a 1-1 draw against Manchester United at Craven Cottage.
US August Inflation Mild, Job Claims Rise US consumer prices inched up just 0.1 percent last month as gasoline and car prices tumbled, the government said on Thursday in a report suggesting an inflation spike earlier this year was an aberration.
UN deadlock defeats cloning ban The United Nations has shelved efforts to draft a treaty banning the cloning of human embryos in a setback for the Bush administration.
Update 8: Ford, GM Set Production Cuts on Sales Drop Another disappointing sales month at General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. led the nation #39;s two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits.
Sadr Militiamen Still in Control of Iraq Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Rebel Shi'ite fighters appeared  still to be in control of the Imam Ali mosque in the Iraqi city  Najaf early on Saturday, but the whereabouts of their leader,  the fiery cleric Moqtada al-Sadr, were unknown.
IU researchers helping to study video game-violence link Researchers from the Indiana University School of Medicine are trying to determine whether violent video games such as Grand Theft Auto can make players more prone to violent behavior.
No. 17 Rutgers Stops South Dakota State (AP) AP - Freshman guard Matee Ajavon scored 29 points to lead Rutgers over South Dakota State 68-50 on Thursday in the opening game of the Paradise Jam tournament in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Steenland: Northwest Joins Southwest In Raiding Bankrupt ATA Turf Gnawed by Northwest. Joining an apparent feeding frenzy, Northwest Airlines (nasdaq: NWAC - news - people ) on Tuesday said it plans to expand in Indianapolis, a move that will knock rival ATA Airlines from its No.
A Bit of Wall St. on the Tigris The 150 brokers and traders on the Iraq Stock Exchange are not waiting for the war to end, buying and selling orders a few hundred yards away from the fighting.
Kiwi hits eight-year high against struggling greenback The New Zealand dollar has hit its highest level this year, propelled by a dramatic dip in the US dollar. As the greenback slumped against most global currencies, the kiwi rose to 71.02USc, its highest level for eight years.
Morocco #39;s El Guerrouj Olympic champion Morocco #39;s Hicham El Guerrouj won in Athens Tuesday an Olympic title in the 1500m race after two failed attempts in Sydney and Atlanta.
J.E. Robert Assembles New Investment Fund J.E. Robert Cos. completed raising \$823 million from about 40 institutional and private equity investors this week.
Boeing trying to keep up Aircraftmaker seeks buyers for new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seattle -- The assembly line at Boeing Co. #39;s cavernous Everett plant near here is designed to keep moving continuously, if almost imperceptibly, as workers scramble over the silvery bodies of skeletal Boeing 777s, applying finishing touches.
RealNetworks Ends Download 49-Cent Promo  SEATTLE (Reuters) - RealNetworks Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RNWK.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RNWK.O&lt;/A&gt; is ending  its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the  promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet  media and software company said on Thursday.
Panama Recalls Ambassador From Cuba (AP) AP - Panama recalled its ambassador from Cuba on Monday after the Cuban government threatened to break off relations in a dispute over four anti-Fidel Castro exiles imprisoned in Panama.
RealNetworks Gets in Content Business (AP) AP - RealNetworks Inc. survived the dot-com collapse and an assault from Microsoft Corp. Now it's trying to remake itself into a provider of paid Internet content.
Myskina caps magnificent year for Russia Anastasia Myskina capped a magnificent year for Russian tennis by leading her country to their first Fed Cup title with a dramatic win over holders France.
NASA Successfully Launches Swift Satellite NASA #39;s Swift satellite successfully launched today aboard a Boeing Delta 2 rocket at 12:16 pm EST from Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fla.
PalmSource Promises Linux OS PalmSource today promised a Linux version of its operating system, together with a cut-down offering for use in budget mobiles, after buying mobile phone developer China Mobilesoft.
Financier Frankel Gets Nearly 17 Years for Fraud Greed and sexual desire drove Martin Frankel to mastermind one of the largest insurance frauds in US history, a federal judge heard on Friday as she sentenced him to nearly 17 years in prison.
AOL Supports Microsoft Antispam Plan To overcome industry objections, Microsoft revises its Sender ID proposal.
Jos. A. Bank Profit Jumps Jos. A. Bank Clothiers (JOSB:Nasdaq - news - research) posted a handsome third-quarter profit Monday, as strong Internet and catalogue sales helped drive a 17 hike in net income.
Detailed View of Dione Summary - (Nov 25, 2004) Cassini took this amazing photograph of Dione, one of Saturn #39;s larger moons, on October 27 when it was 1.2 million km (746,000 miles) away.
Kerr happy with Irish win Republic of Ireland manager Brian Kerr said he was delighted with the 3-0 win over Cyprus after so many players had pulled out of his squad.
Dems, GOP: Who's Got the Brains? Well, both do, actually. But there are some discernible differences in brain activity which may just explain why a Democrat sees the world one way, and a Republican sees it another.
Donald runs into Ryder form Luke Donald says his win in the European Masters on Sunday bodes well for his upcoming Ryder Cup debut. Donald was one of European captain Bernhard Langer #39;s two picks for the match, which takes place at Oakland Hills, Michigan from 17-19 September.
Ballesteros Hoping to Play Full Season Next Year  MADRID (Reuters) - Severiano Ballesteros said on Friday he  has made such a dramatic recovery from his back problems that  he hopes to play a full season next year on both sides of the  Atlantic.
Santander Takeover of Abbey Approved by UK #39;s FSA (Update1) The UK #39;s Financial Services Authority approved Santander Central Hispano SA #39;s 9.4 billion-pound (\$17.4 billion) takeover of Abbey National Plc, paving the way for Europe #39;s biggest cross-border bank merger.
Stocks Up as Oil Slides  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks jumped on Wednesday as oil  prices, which have held investor enthusiasm for stocks in check  for months, fell sharply after a higher-than-expected crude  build last week.
Warriors lock up young veterans Staring at the possibility of watching two of his young standouts stage a walkout on opening night, Chris Mullin made one of the most important decisions in recent Golden State Warriors history Monday.
Update 3: ADM #39;s Earnings Skyrocket; Stocks Soars Shares in agribusiness giant Archer Daniels Midland Co. soared to a 6 1/2-year high Friday, fueled by a 77 percent increase in quarterly earnings.
Milosevic #39;s Lawyers to Appeal Own Appointment THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- The two lawyers representing Slobodan Milosevic filed papers Thursday (9 September), asking for permission to appeal their appointment by the UN tribunal.
UPDATE:Sinopec 1H Pft Up 51; To Raise Refining Capacity HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--China Petroleum  amp; Chemical Corp. (SNP), the country #39;s second-largest oil and gas producer, Monday reported a 51 jump in first-half earnings and said it plans to boost its refining capacity by about one-fifth over three years.
Partner: Free Verisign SSL Certificate Don't miss the opportunity! Obtain a FREE SSL Trial ID today.
Sherman remains confident after Packers #39; flop in Philly They were, in theory, the NFC #39;s second-best team. Now they #39;re not and no one else is, either. The NFC has the Philadelphia Eagles at the top, the San Francisco 49ers at the bottom and everyone else in the middle.
Golf: Woods #39; bitter sip from cup MICHIGAN - Tiger Woods finished the 35th Ryder Cup on a personal winning note in the last-day singles, but the enigma of his relationship with the biennial team competition remains.
Attackers shoot, burn villagers in east Congo, killing 14, UN says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KINSHASA, Congo (AP) - Attackers overran a sleeping village in east Congo's lawless Ituri province Monday and slaughtered 14 residents, including seven children who were burned alive, a UN spokeswoman said.
Cardinals Crush Dodgers to Grab 2-0 Series Lead Mike Matheny #39;s two-run single highlighted a three-run fifth inning rally which lifted the St. Louis Cardinals to an 8-3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League Divisional Series Thursday.
Champions Trophy: England rout Zimbabwe BIRMINGHAM, Sep 11: England got their Champions Trophy campaign off to a successful start with a record 152-run win against Zimbabwe at Edgbaston here Saturday.
Labor Allies Want Senate to Block OT Rules (AP) AP - Fresh from their triumph in the House, labor allies want the Senate to derail new Bush administration overtime rules that critics say would prevent 6 million American workers from getting the bonus pay.
USC Fires Basketball Coach Henry Bibby LOS ANGELES - Henry Bibby was fired as Southern California #39;s basketball coach Monday, just four games into his ninth season. The Trojans, beset by some player dissension, are 2-2.
Artest banned for season; Jackson gets 30 games, O #39;Neal 25 NEW YORK (Ticker) - Ron Artest received the longest suspension in NBA history Sunday as he was banned for the rest of the season for his role as the ringleader in what amounted to a riot.
Oracle to drop suit if takeover bid fails Oracle Corp. said Monday it will drop a lawsuit it filed in Delaware against PeopleSoft, its rival and takeover target, if a majority of PeopleSoft
Turkey to Get Green Light for EU Entry Talks -Paper The European Commission #39;s report on Turkey next week will recommend that the European Union open accession negotiations with Ankara, the German daily Bild said Sunday, quoting sources at the EU executive.
NY School Bus Driver Fired Over Stem Cell Talk (Reuters) Reuters - A school bus driver who chatted about\stem cell research with her pupils was fired for inappropriate\behavior, a local newspaper said on Thursday.
SHANGHAI ATP: Canas struggles to first round win SHANGHAI: A tired but determined Guillermo Canas of Argentina held off a strong early charge from Spains Guillermo Garcia-Lopez to win his first round Shanghai ATP match 7-6, 6-1 on Monday.
Sex Toy Shuts Down Australian Airport A scare triggered by a vibrating sex toy shut down a major Australian regional airport for almost an hour on Monday. The vibrating object was discovered on Monday morning inside a garbage can at the terminal
CASEY COMMENTS NOT  #39;SMART #39; - VERPLANK The backlash to anti-American comments by Ryder Cup player Paul Casey has already started - and is likely only to get worse in the coming months.
Senate Bill Aims at Makers of File-Sharing Software The Senate Judiciary Committee is considering a copyright bill that stands at the center of the file-sharing debate.
Edwards: I Won't Raise Retirement Age (AP) AP - Seizing on a report that a plan to privatize Social Security includes raising the retirement age for full benefits to 72, vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Saturday renewed a promise that the Democrats would never raise the retirement age.
Maddux Wins No. 302, Baker Wins No. 1,000 Greg Maddux pitched the Chicago Cubs into the lead in the NL wild-card race and gave Dusty Baker a win to remember. Maddux threw seven shutout innings for his 302nd career win, Baker got his 1,000th victory as a manager and Chicago beat the Montreal Expos 5-2 on Monday night...
Microsoft Japan to give away over one million XP SP2 CDs TOKYO -- Microsoft Corp.'s Japanese arm will begin giving away more than a million CD-ROMs of the company's latest security update, Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) from 27,500 locations during September and October, the company said on Thursday.
Federer puts right spin on easy victory over Gaudio A grey, damp opening day at the Masters Cup here was memorable for the latest amazing shot in Roger Federer #39;s armoury. The world No 1 played an overhead with so much spin that the
Israel Says It Attacked Islamic Jihad Leader (Reuters) Reuters - The Israeli army said it had attacked\the car of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad militant commander who\was killed in a Gaza City airstrike on Tuesday.
Saddam #39;s jailed top aides hold food protest Eight of 11 detainees briefly refuse food over prisoner rights including family visits, access to media. BAGHDAD - The US army said eight of toppled Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein #39;s jailed lieutenants had briefly
Sybase releases free Express database for Linux In a bid to expand the customer base for its database software, Sybase Inc. released on Tuesday a free, limited version of its software for deployment on Linux systems.
Disney Rules Out New Deal with Pixar Studios In January Disney and Pixar terminated their talks to extend a distribution partnership that has created such cartoon hits as  quot;Finding Nemo quot; and the  quot;Toy Story quot; series.
San Juan Airport Shuttered for an Hour (AP) AP - San Juan's international airport was closed for more than an hour Thursday morning after bomb-sniffing dogs alerted police to a suspicious piece of luggage, authorities said.
T-Mobile USA Sees High-Speed Network 2 Years Off  NEW YORK (Reuters) - T-Mobile USA, the U.S. wireless unit  of Deutsche Telekom AG &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DTEGn.DE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;DTEGn.DE&lt;/A&gt;, does not expect to offer  broadband mobile data services for at least the next two years,  its chief executive said on Thursday.
Oil Company on Trial in Madagascar Over Pollution (Reuters) Reuters - The operator of Madagascar's\privatized oil refinery went on trial on Tuesday, accused of\polluting the environment around the Indian Ocean island's main\international port, officials said.
Gold Fields hit by Q3 rand strength JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) -- Gold Fields, the takeover target of smaller rival Harmony, contained its costs on its South African mines during the September quarter.
Stocks dip after Intel cuts forecast STOCKS in the United States fell - led by technology shares - after the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker Intel cut its revenue forecast because of slowing demand for personal computers and mobile phones.
Salvation Army bell ringers booted from Target stores Target stores have a simple message for eager shoppers this holiday season:  quot;Get giving #39; roughly translated, buy stuff. The national retail chain also has a simple
Yahoo Debuts Mobile Search SAN FRANCISCO -- Yahoo (Quote, Chart) expanded its search empire to the mobile arena with the launch of some additional services. The company was one of the original content providers for mobile devices running
F1 debuts in China Formula One made its long-awaited debut in the People #39;s Republic of China today as the stunning new Shanghai International Circuit echoed to the banshee wail of Formula One engines being used in anger for the first time.
Images: Nintendo grows up--a little The Nintendo DS includes a touch-sensitive screen and is geared for an older crowd.
Bon-Ton's Succession Success The transition atop the department store company looks like a pleasant non-story.
Mighty Ortiz makes sure Sox can rest easy Just imagine what David Ortiz could do on a good night's rest. Ortiz spent the night before last with his baby boy, D'Angelo, who is barely 1 month old. He had planned on attending the Red Sox' Family Day at Fenway Park yesterday morning, but he had to sleep in. After all, Ortiz had a son at home, and he ...
Wal-Mart Keeps Same-Store Sales Outlook  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates  a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its  stores open at least a year.
Cassini photos leaves some mysteries Cassini #39;s latest sweep past Saturn #39;s moon Titan revealed more intriguing pictures of the surface but left many mysteries intact.
OPM Delving Deeper Into Employees #39; Backgrounds which sets hiring and employment standards for the government -- is reviewing its employees to ensure that they are suitable for jobs involving the  quot;public trust.
Ruud double lifts Dutch Amsterdam - Goals in either half from Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy lifted the Netherlands to a 3-1 win over Finland in their European Group One qualifier for the 2006 World Cup here on Wednesday.
Cameroon leader's 'divide and rule' Cameroonian politician John Fru Ndi stands as presidential candidate in next month's election, splitting the opposition coalition.
The Discreet Charm of the Very Bourgeois Toy Store? F.A.O. Schwarz may be shuttered and dark, but its catalog is somersaulting back in the direction of well-heeled children and the adults who indulge them.
National League Roundup Jerome Williams pitched seven innings in his first start in two months, and San Francisco jumped back into a tie for the NL wild-card lead by beating host San Diego.
HGS Picks Watkins as New Chief Executive  Human Genome Sciences Inc. plans to announce today that it has hired a 20-year product development veteran from Abbott Laboratories Inc. as chief executive. H. Thomas Watkins, 51, will face the challenge of completing the Rockville company's makeover from gene hunter to drug marketer.
US delays WTO action over Airbus subsidy The US will offer an olive branch to Peter Mandelson, the European Union #39;s new trade commissioner, next week by delaying any escalation of the dispute over subsidies to Airbus and Boeing, a US trade official said on Thursday.
Houston Isn #39;t Ready, but the Knicks Will Have to Be There is no simple way to replace one of the most accurate outside shooters in the game, but starting next week, barring a miraculous turn in Allan Houston #39;s health, the Knicks will try.
Westpac delivers \$2.5b profit Westpac Bank has reported a record after-tax profit of \$2.54 billion, a 16 per cent increase on the previous year #39;s results. The bank has also announced a final dividend of 44 cents, taking the full-year dividend to 86 cents fully franked.
Honeywell sues Apple, 33 others over LCD patent Honeywell on Wednesday announced that it has filed suit against Apple and 33 other companies for alleged patent infringement over a technology that  quot;increases the brightness of images and that reduces the appearance of certain interference effects on a
Bomb rocks Indonesia #39;s Paris embassy A small parcel bomb has exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris, slightly injuring 10 people and shattering windows, but officials say they have no clues to the motive.
Coke plans new push into energy niche In January, Coke plans to introduce an energy drink called Full Throttle. Coke hopes it will be a better competitor than an earlier entry, the slow-selling KMX.
Union leaders held under ESMA on Day 6 of strike New Delhi, August 26: The sixth day of the truckers strike on Thursday saw 12 more truckers being arrested under the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA)in the Capital.
Ivan devastates Grenada ST. GEORGE #39;S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan took aim yesterday at Jamaica after killing 23 people in five countries and devastating Grenada.
Former Florida Swimming Coach Dies at 83 (AP) AP - William H. Harlan, the retired University of Florida swimming coach who led the Gators to eight conference titles, died Tuesday, school officials said. He was 83.
Melvin Faces Major Challenge in Arizona (AP) AP - After the Wally Backman fiasco, the Arizona Diamondbacks were fortunate to have a handy and willing backup choice in Bob Melvin. The low-key Melvin so coveted the managing job that he brushed aside any concern about being the team's second choice. ""This is the one I really wanted,"" he said. ""This is where I feel most at home."" That home, though, is in disarray.
Tough Talks Ahead After EU Is Criticized Efforts to forge the world's largest free trade zone between the European Union and South America's Mercosur economic bloc are unlikely to be concluded by an Oct. 31 deadline, the EU said Thursday, with both sides declaring each other's trade offers insufficient.
El Guerrouj, Holmes book spots in Olympic Pantheon Britain #39;s Kelly Holmes and Morocco #39;s Hicham El Guerrouj earned their places among Olympic athletic legends here on Saturday as they won their second golds of the Games.
Marquee Matchup With apologies to Arizona and San Francisco, there are only two teams in the NFC West again this year, and that means the division has just two truly meaningful games: This one, and Seattle at St.
He's His Own Adu Georgetown Prep defender Fro Adu is proud of brother Freddy, a forward for D.C. United, but wants to step out on his own.
Nokia says Intel won't replace TI ... yet Nokia Corp. has no immediate plans to use Intel Corp.'s processors in its handsets, the Finnish phone maker said Thursday, tempering an announcement earlier this week that Intel is building a reference design for a Symbian OS (operating system) mobile phone based on Nokia's Series 60 user interface.
Family takes helm at Bombardier Canada #39;s Bombardier family has taken back management control of the troubled transport equipment maker that bears its name following the sudden departure of Paul Tellier, chief executive.
Sharman begins defense in Kazaa case Sharman Networks, the company behind the Kazaa peer-to-peer file sharing software, began its defense in a Sydney court room on Tuesday against charges by members of the music industry that the company aided music piracy and copyright infringement.
NASA chief Sean O #39;Keefe quits Washington: NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe has resigned, spending three turbulent years at the helm of the US space agency which saw the crash of Columbia space shuttle, a painful probe into the disaster and severe austerity measures.
Investors expect PeopleSoft shareholders to back Oracle bid REDWOOD SHORES, Calif. Investors continue to bet today that most PeopleSoft shareholders will back Oracle #39;s nine-point-two (b) billion-dollar takeover bid for its bitter rival.
Baseball still learning lessons from '94 strike (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - In the 10 years since major league baseball's lights were dimmed and the World Series canceled, players and owners have cashed in.
Sun to enter content switch market Sun Microsystems Inc. plans later this month to unveil its first ever content switch: a load-balancing and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) acceleration switch based on the Nauticus N2000 products that the Santa Clara, California, company acquired in January of this year.
Putin's Chechnya options narrow On the fifth anniversary of the invasion of Chechnya, some say there are few alternatives to negotiations.
Freeze on anti-spam campaign A campaign by Lycos Europe to target spam-related websites appears to have been put on hold. Earlier this week the company released a screensaver that bombarded the sites with data to try to bump up the running costs of the websites.
GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens NEW YORK (AP) -- Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans at their national convention sought to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader.
Hezbollah flies unmanned plane over Israel Hezbollah sent an unmanned reconnaissance plane over Israeli airspace Sunday, the Lebanon-based group and the Israeli military said.
Racist Blackburn fan cops five-year ban A SOCCER fan was fined \$2400 and banned from soccer grounds for the maximum five years yesterday when he pleaded guilty to racially abusing Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke.
Dimon solidifies control at nation #39;s second-largest bank NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Dina Dublon is resigning as chief financial officer after 23 years at JP Morgan Chase in a shakeup that further solidifies Jamie Dimon #39;s control at the nation #39;s second-biggest bank.
Growth without jobs is a vexing contradiction According to the government #39;s own labor reports, George W. Bush is the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a net loss of jobs during his administration.
Minot officials give preliminary approval to Wal-Mart Supercenter MINOT, ND - City Council members have given Wal-Mart preliminary approval to build a Supercenter, though not without some soul-searching.
Great White Shark Loses Monitor Tag (AP) AP - A great white shark that was tagged with a data-gathering device in shallow waters off Cape Cod has apparently reclaimed its privacy.
Israel strikes before Gaza vote ISRAEL killed two Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip yesterday as Ariel Sharon and his cabinet finalised a bill to withdraw from Gaza.
US Airstrikes Said to Kill at Least 44 in Iraq Iraqi health officials said American airstrikes that demolished homes late today in a village south of the volatile city of Falluja killed at least 44 people and wounded 27, including women and children.
Intel planning Centrino-like brand for desktops Intel is preparing a marketing strategy that will brand desktop PCs with a similar label that made its Centrino notebook technology a household name, according to sources familiar with the company's plans.
Cleric Returns to Broker Najaf Peace Deal NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's most powerful Shiite cleric returned home from Britain on Wednesday to help broker an end to nearly three weeks of fighting in Najaf and is calling on his followers to join him in a march to reclaim the holy city, his spokesmen and witnesses said.    Grand Ayatollah Ali Husseini al-Sistani return came as heavy fighting persisted in Najaf's Old City...
Delta #39;s Aborted Crash Landing If you #39;ve ever been in an airplane that has to abort a landing, you know that it is a completely hair-raising, disorienting experience.
Sony Shows Smaller PlayStation 2 (AP) AP - Sony Corp. on Tuesday showed a smaller book-size PlayStation 2 going on sale worldwide next month that will help the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant cut costs as video-game consoles continue to drop in price.
Deficit at US Pension Agency Soars to \$23.3 Billion The deficit at the federal agency that rescues failed US pension funds more than doubled to \$23.3 billion in fiscal 2004, officials said on Monday, as the safety net was hit by losses from pension plans that have failed or are
IBM sells PC stake to China's Lenovo China's biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group, said today it has acquired a majority stake in International Business Machines Corp.'s personal computer business for \$1.25 billion, one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
UPDATE:NZ F amp;P Healthcare 1H Net Up; Currency Hedge Helps WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand medical equipment maker Fisher  amp; Paykel Healthcare Corp. (FPH.NZ) said Wednesday it is confident it can better the high revenue growth
India's Tata expands regional footprint via NatSteel buyout (AFP) AFP - India's Tata Iron and Steel Company Ltd. took a strategic step to expand its Asian footprint with the announcement it will buy the Asia-Pacific steel operations of Singapore's NatSteel Ltd.
No. 3 Miami Stops No. 18 Louisville 41-38 (AP) AP - The Louisville Cardinals drew a flag for excessive celebration in the second quarter, and another in the third. Against Miami, the displays of jubilation were premature. Led by Brock Berlin and Devin Hester, the third-ranked Hurricanes erased a 17-point deficit over the final 20 minutes and came from behind twice in the fourth quarter to beat No. 18 Louisville 41-38 Thursday night.
Plan Would Turn Restore Wash. Estuary NISQUALLY NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE, Wash. - A 15-year plan would restore salt marshes and mudflats for migrating salmon at the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, more than 100 years after the farmland was drained and diked.
Japan #39;s Sato staying at BAR Japan #39;s Takuma Sato will continue to drive for BAR next season, the Formula One team said on Tuesday. Sato, gearing up for his home grand prix at Suzuka on Sunday, is eighth in the
Sony Set to Exert Influence on Discs As the leader of the group that plans to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony is poised to gain considerable power in its fight to set the format for the next generation of digital video discs.
Oil Sets New Record \$47 on Iraq Threat  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to a new high of \$47 a  barrel on Wednesday after a new threat by rebel militia against  Iraqi oil facilities and as the United States said inflation  had stayed in check despite rising energy costs.
Vijay Singh seeks ninth win of 2004 World No. 1 Vijay Singh, who is seeking his ninth win on the PGA Tour this year, will play the final three events this season, starting with this week #39;s Funai Classic.
French Troops Clash with Ivory Coast Protesters  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French soldiers fired to disperse  protesters on Tuesday after days of rioting in Ivory Coast's  main city Abidjan as South Africa's President Thabo Mbeki gave  an upbeat assessment of a brief peace mission to the country.
Wenger to decide in build-up to Sunday #39;s Premiership showdown As Arsenal are preparing to play Chelsea in the big game of the weekend, Gunners #39; manager Frenchman Arsene Wenger is still deciding in the build-up to Sunday #39;s Premier League showdown.
Oil Falls to 4-Month Low on Signs of Heating-Oil Supply Rise Crude oil fell to the lowest in more than four months on speculation that warm weather and increased refinery production bolstered US heating-oil stockpiles last week.
Third Month of Slow Sales for Retailers The August start of the back-to-school shopping season was a disappointment for major retailers.
HP Shifting Last of Itanium Engineers Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday ended their 10-year partnership to co-develop the Itanium chip
UK gov #39;t report cites merits of open source Open source software proponents received a potential boost from the UK government Thursday with a release of a report citing the well-documented advantages on the server side, but also growing maturity on the desktop front.
Novell NetWare users get Microsofts Offer With Novell concentrating on Linux more and more, many NetWare consumers might be facing dilemmas on where to move on for future needs.
Africa fights AIDS with girl power A bill is currently in Uganda's parliament that would strengthen women's rights.
A man with a plan ATHENS -- Four years ago in Sydney, after the US gymnasts had gone medal-free at the Olympics for the first time in 28 years, federation president Bob Colarossi was sitting at a table, explaining that the turnaround already had begun. The women had moved from sixth to fourth in the world in one year, the men from sixth to fifth. ...
Pakistan questions Indian arms shopping spree ISLAMABAD: As the second round of expert-level talks on nuclear confidence building measures (CBMs) between Pakistan and India starts today, the government says that the recent statements coming from New Delhi are  quot;disturbing quot; and sound  quot;paranoid quot;.
Manchester United admits paying 11m to transfer middle-men The role of agents in multimillion-pound football transfer deals came under fresh scrutiny yesterday after Manchester United revealed payments of 11m to middle-men for their help in signing players.
Summary Box: Breast Cancer Surgery Refined (AP) AP - NEW APPROACH: A study says that removing just one to three key lymph nodes can spare women lifelong arm problems and reliably indicate whether breast cancer has spread.
Despite struggles at plate, Boone wins Gold Glove The way Bret Boone sees it, winning a Gold Glove after a tough offensive season is a validation of the award itself.  quot;There #39;s a lot of debate about the Gold Glove, quot; the Mariners second baseman said.
REVIEW: New IMac G5 Short on Extras (AP) AP - For six years, iMacs have set the standard for the PC industry with eye-popping designs, clever utilization of space and leaps forward in usability. Lately, though, Apple Computer Inc. seems to be making more waves with iPod music players than its venerable consumer PCs.
Yukos under the hammer at \$8.6bn Russia pressed ahead yesterday with controversial plans to break up the country #39;s biggest oil company Yukos, setting a date of December 19 for an auction of its main production unit at a bargain basement starting price of \$8.65bn (4.88bn).
August Chip Sales Growth Slows on High Inventory  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Global semiconductor sales growth  slowed to 1 percent in August as electronics makers reacted to  growing inventories in Asia by limiting orders of chips, an  industry trade group said on Thursday.
Nobel Economics Prize Awarded Norwegian-born Finn Kydland and Edward Prescott of the United States won the 2004 Nobel\economics prize, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said on Monday.
Gray was selected tourney MVP Justin Gray went down to the Madison Square Garden court as soon as Mustafa Shakur inadvertently kicked him in the face while going for a loose ball.
Goosen Wins the Tour Championship Retief Goosen closed with a 6-under 64 to win by four shots and become only the third player to overtake Tiger Woods in the final round.
Hurricanes, unrest in Nigeria feed supply concerns SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Fueled by new supply worries in the United States and Nigeria, crude-oil futures made history Monday when the price topped \$50 per barrel late Monday and one analyst said additional disruptions could push prices to \$60 per barrel
Inter draw with lecce while AC Milan crash Atlanta Bulgarian teenager Valeri Bojinov scored twice as Lecce came from two goals behind to draw 2-2 with Inter Milan in Italian first division league on Wednesday.
Plugging in a Musical Visionary's Next Ideas Musician Brian Eno, who has been turning ideas into visionary music for decades, is looking to create software that will write song lyrics.
Button decision delayed Jenson Button must wait until next month before discovering which Formula One team he can race for next season. He wants to leave BAR for Williams but both teams claim to have a deal with the British driver
Report: Iraq Govt. Cancels Falluja Negotiations (Reuters) Reuters - The chief negotiator in the rebel-held\Iraqi town of Falluja said Monday the government had canceled\indefinitely talks to avert a military assault on the town.
Karzai happy to wait for official Afghan poll verdict (AFP) AFP - Incumbent Hamid Karzai drew  quot;great happiness quot; from his lead in Afghanistan's presidential election, his spokesman said, but will not claim victory until results are officially certified.
Novak Captures First Indoor Title BASEL, Switzerland Oct 31, 2004 - Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic won the Swiss Indoors for his first indoor title, defeating David Nalbandian in five sets Sunday in a final in which the Argentine smashed two rackets.
Charlestown opens up in OT Thunder and lightning loomed all day, but never clapped or struck on West Roxbury turf. Charlestown, however, was the more destructive force, pulling out a 22-18 overtime win over the Raiders in a Boston North contest.
150,000 new jobs expected The economy probably added 150,000 jobs in September and the unemployment rate held steady at 5.4, a three-year low, according to a survey of economists.
Boeing Offers 777 Cargo Freighter Boeing Co. on Monday said it is offering a 777 cargo model that will be the largest and farthest-flying twin-engine freighter. The Boeing 777 freighter is scheduled to enter service in the fourth quarter of 2008.
CSKA Moscow 2 Paris St Germain 0 CSKA Moscow clinched their first-ever Champions League win on Wednesday as Paris St Germain #39;s revival came to a shuddering halt at the Lokomotiv Stadium.
Chile's Lagos Receives Torture Commission Report &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Ignacio Badal&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Chilean President Ricardo Lagosreceived a chilling report on Wednesday from a governmentcommission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims tochronicle for the first time the systematic use of tortureduring Augusto Pinochet's 1973-1990 dictatorship.&lt;/p&gt;
SIA: Chip sales to hit record, flatten Worldwide semiconductor sales will hit an all-time high in 2004 but stay relatively flat in 2005 before climbing again over the next two years, according to the Semiconductor Industry Association.
Conservationists Meet to Plan Global Green Agenda (Reuters) Reuters - More than 5,000 scientists,\conservationists and politicians meet in Thailand over the next\week to hammer out a blueprint for saving some of the world's\most endangered species and fragile ecosystems.
Mother of Jackson Accuser Testifies SANTA MARIA, Calif. - The mother of the boy accusing Michael Jackson of molestation testified Friday she does not remember a private investigator telling her that he was working for one of the pop star's attorneys, but believed he worked directly for the singer...
US Travelers Face Weather Delays on Holiday Journey (Update2) Travelers faced weather delays across the US as they took to the highways and airways today to begin what industry experts say will be the biggest Thanksgiving travel weekend since 2000.
11th-hour highlights too late NBC's prime-time Olympic coverage is taped and shaped, the television version of a Reader's Digest condensed book. We get all the US highlights, the big news stories, and a well-edited drama building to the 11 p.m. hour. It's a formula that's been proven to hold an audience and pull ratings. The big downside: You have to stay up until midnight ...
Putin Says Russia Working on New Nuclear Systems (Reuters) Reuters - Russia is working on new nuclear missile\systems that other powers do not have in order to protect\itself against future security challenges, President Vladimir\Putin said Wednesday.
#39;Halo 2 #39; has game fans ATLANTA - For many video game addicts, the buzz on the sequel to  quot;Halo quot; is louder than a machine gun rat-a-tatting in their ears.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Tim Wakefield tries for his first win in three starts this evening when the Boston Red Sox continue their three-game series with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays at Fenway Park.
Guidant, J amp;J reportedly are in merger talks Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced negotiations to acquire Guidant, an Indianapolis-based medical device maker, for more than \$24 billion, executives close to the talks said Monday.
French Soldier Threatens to Blow Up Depot (AP) AP - A soldier, angry about being forced to retire, was holed up in an army depot with 60 tons of explosives Sunday, threatening to blow it up. About 400 residents were evacuated from nearby villages.
Russia's Putin once again heads ex-Soviet bloc (AFP) AFP - President Vladimir Putin took over once again as head of the CIS ex-Soviet bloc at a summit in the Kazakh capital Astana, the Interfax news agency reported.
ATA Files for Bankruptcy Protection ATA Holdings Corp. (ATAH), parent of struggling low-cost carrier ATA Airlines, on Tuesday filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as falling fares and soaring fuel prices drained it of cash.
Fitful Mauresmo Through to Linz Semifinals  VIENNA (Reuters) - Top seed Amelie Mauresmo reached the  semifinals of the Linz Open when she continued her run of  success against Ai Sugiyama by beating the defending champion  6-2, 6-4 Friday.
Dell, AOL team up in schools initiative ROUND ROCK, Texas -- Dell Inc. and America Online Inc. announced a partnership Monday to provide 5,000 low-income students with free refurbished personal computers and a year #39;s worth of Internet access.
UPDATE 3-Alliance Capital profit rises in third quarter Alliance Capital Management Holdings LP (AC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest US money managers, on Thursday said its profit rose in the third quarter
Gibbs Won #39;t Take a Pass on This Soon after Joe Gibbs ended his 11-year retirement from football and reunited his distinguished offensive coaching staff this winter, a call went out to the NFL offices in New York.
Supercomputing at your fingertips Machines that only a few years ago seemed to be the stuff of fantasy are slowly but surely reaching the mainstream. &lt;br /&gt; Photos: IBM's Blue Gene/L &lt;br /&gt; Photos: Barcelona's big blade
Kroger Profit Falls, Warns on Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. on Tuesday posted a 25  percent drop in quarterly profit and warned it may not reach  its sales target for the year, sending shares of the top U.S.  grocer down as it grapples with lingering fallout from a strike  in Southern California.
Treasuries Tussle with Profit-Takers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields held near  six-month lows on Thursday, though the market was struggling to  extend recent hefty gains in the face of profit-taking.
BT Group set to buy US Infonet for \$1bn LONDON: Britains BT Group is hoping to make a dramatic return to the US with a \$1bn acquisition of Californian telecoms group Infonet Services, the Sunday Times reported.
Charity chief kidnapped in Iraq Care International charity says its chief of operations in Iraq has been kidnapped in Baghdad. A spokeswoman told Reuters on Tuesday that Margaret Hassan, who has been working
New Star-Type Resembles Stillborn Star When a binary star system starts to transfer mass, one of the twins may well win out, leaving its companion to occupy a strange region half way between a star and a planet. A new star-type of this sort has been found, which resembles the infrared ash of a stillborn star.
Yanks deflate Sox This wasn #39;t Game 7 with the American League pennant at stake, but it certainly had the kind of bad vibes that the Boston Red Sox felt last October.
Euro Stocks Rally After Strong U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares strongly extended gains  on Friday after data showed job creation in the U.S. economy  was double expectations at 337,000 in October.
News: US cracks down on spam mountain John Ashcroft, the attorney General of the US, is expected to announce on Thursday dozens of lawsuits against alleged spammers following a low key campaign against the practise across the US.\
This silence can't be golden What does Larry Bird think of Ron Artest's recent sabbatical? He's not saying. But given that this was a guy who came out of traction to play a game, we can pretty much assume what he has said behind closed doors.
Peru's Toledo Wants New Judges for Guzman Retrial &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian President Alejandro Toledosaid on Saturday he wanted new judges to try Shining Pathleader Abimael Guzman after the ""shameful spectacle"" he stagedat the start of his terrorism retrial, punching the air withhis fist and chanting rebel slogans.&lt;/p&gt;
PM welcomes EU partnership Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived in the Hague last night to participate in the India-European summit.  quot;In recognition of Indias growing stature and influence, the EU has proposed a strategic partnership with India.
British grocer Tesco sees group sales rise 12.0-percent (AFP) AFP - Tesco, Britain's biggest supermarket chain, said that group sales grew by 12.2 percent in the third quarter, driven by strong performances from its stores at home and abroad.
Microsoft's Live Communications Server may drive interest in enterprise IM With Microsoft's new Live Communications Server 2005 due out in December, enterprise IM users and vendors are eyeing new opportunities for more secure messaging in the workplace.
F1 BOSS LOSES COURT CASE Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestones control over the sport may be on the decline after a court ruled against him in a dispute with three banks.
Manchester United the only team for me, says Rooney Teenage striker Wayne Rooney says Manchester United were the only team he wanted to join once they he knew the club were interested in him.
Canada slips again in competitiveness rankings Canada slipped from 12th to 15th position in the survey conducted by the World Economic Forum. Canada #39;s position has declined in five of the last six years, despite efforts by federal and provincial governments
Journalist: I just kept talking BAGHDAD - Iraqi militants threatened to kill an Australian journalist and interrogated him for more than 20 hours after kidnapping him outside a Baghdad hotel.
Will Firefox Ignite Enterprises? Many users are celebrating Mozilla #39;s release of Firefox 1.0, its open-source Web browser. The beta version was downloaded some 8 million times.
Odyssey Warns of Weak Quarter, CEO Quits  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Odyssey Healthcare Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODSY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODSY.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday warned of an earnings shortfall, announced the  resignation of its chief executive and said it was the subject  of a Justice Department probe, sending shares of the hospice  care provider plummeting 42 percent.
Air Canada shares Shares of the new Air Canada pushed higher as they began trading today, gaining more than 25 percent from their issue price of \$20.
Ghostzapper Has Speed to Burn GRAND PRAIRIE, Tex.&lt;br&gt;The most brilliant American racehorse in years has labored in relative obscurity until now. But when he runs Saturday in the Breeders' Cup Classic at Lone Star Park, Ghostzapper can demonstrate his talent to the world and, quite possibly, win the horse-of-the-year...
Fischer's Fiancee: Marriage Plans Genuine (AP) AP - Former chess champion Bobby Fischer's announcement thathe is engaged to a Japanese woman could win him sympathy among Japanese officials and help him avoid deportation to the United States, his fiancee and one of his supporters said Tuesday.
So Long XMLHack! \\""It's been a lot of fun writing XMLhack since 1999, but it's time for us to take\a rest.""\\""XMLhack has always been run by volunteers writing in their spare time, and now\most of us have so little of that precious commodity it's infeasible to keep the\site going at anything like the rate we want it to be.""\\""As editor, I'd like to extend my grateful thanks to all the contributors over\time, a list of whom you can see on the contributors page. My special thanks go\to Simon St.Laurent, my co-conspirator from the start.""\\So long guys!\\I've been a subscriber to XMLHack for probably &gt; 3 years now.  They were one of\the earlier blog-like sites to have RSS in what I'd call a 'modern' and rich\f ...\\
Sun posts narrower quarterly loss OCTOBER 14, 2004 (REUTERS) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Sun Microsystems Inc. today posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, sending shares slightly higher.
Florida Upsets No. 10 Florida State 20-13 Florida State #39;s Chauncey Stovall, left, comes down with a fourth-quarter-touchdown catch as Florida defender Vernell Brown, right, falls down, Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004, in Tallahassee, Fla.
Pakistan hunts kidnappers' leader Pakistan vows to track down former Guantanamo inmate who leads group that kidnapped two Chinese engineers.
Microsoft Targets Solo Programmers with New Visual Studio Version ORLANDO, Fla.Microsoft Corp. announced another edition of its upcoming development tools family, releasing information on Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition at the VSLive!
Yahoo: Internet withdrawal anguishing com September 22, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
UPDATE 3-Albertsons hit by California strike; shares fall Albertsons Inc. (ABS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US grocer, on Tuesday reported a substantial drop in its quarterly profit as heavy promotions
Dell blades cut deeper to data centers (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Dell Computer re-energized its enterprise-class blade server strategy on Monday, rolling out a new architecture that supports as many as 10 servers in a seven-unit chassis that can fit into a standard-size rack.
Afghan president replaces 2 governors KABUL, Afghanistan -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai #39;s government Saturday replaced two governors, including a strongman in the west, in a bold step to establish control ahead of landmark presidential elections.
Israel Unions Start Nationwide Strike  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli unions began a nationwide  strike on Tuesday expected to affect about 400,000 public  sector workers and severely hamper international travel.
Giants 27, Browns 10 Kurt Warner and Michael Strahan made sure the New York Giants didn #39;t have a letdown against the injury-ravaged Cleveland Browns.
Boston Red Sox outperform their owner #39;s funds Boston Red Sox owner John Henry #39;s bet on baseball has paid off big with the team #39;s first World Series championship since 1918, but his calls in financial markets have been less blessed this year.
Save the Hubble The Issue: Space telescope was condemned to a lingering death. Our View: New report gives support to a manned rescue mission. The Hubble telescope may well be the most successful observatory ever built, producing
Little guy earns big victory at Open NEW YORK -- Olivier Rochus didn't know quite how to react. First the arms went hesitantly up in the air. Then there was a little half-fist pump, a triumphant bellow, and a smile that could have lit a path through the darkest storm. Then Rochus, a 23-year-old Belgian who prior to this year had never won a match at the ...
Job numbers give candidates room to debate WASHINGTON - Employers stepped up hiring in August, expanding payrolls by 144,000 and lowering the unemployment rate to 5.4 percent.
Munro, Morris Face Off in NLCS Game 2 ST. LOUIS - The Houston Astros put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the NL Championship series on Thursday, one night after dropping the opener to the St...
FACTBOX-US Fed policymakers #39; recent comments The Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise the federal funds rate at its policy meeting on Tuesday, Sept. 21, despite recent mixed economic news.
Rugby #39;s Hill Out for Up to 9 Months, May Miss Lions (Update1) Richard Hill, England #39;s World Cup- winning forward, will miss up to nine months of the rugby season because of a knee injury, ruling him out of the Six Nations and making him doubtful for next year #39;s British and Irish Lions tour.
Mars Rovers Relay Images Through Mars Express European Space Agency -- ESAs Mars Express has relayed pictures from one of NASA's Mars rovers for the first time, as part of a set of interplanetary networking demonstrations.     The demonstrations pave the way for future Mars missions to draw on joint interplanetary networking capabilities...
Boeing CEO says market slower than Airbus suggests BERLIN: Boeing Co. Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher has said the US aircraft makers archrival Airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial airplane market.
Video Game Makers Go Hollywood. Uh-Oh. OVIE producers are often criticized for running at the sight of original ideas, preferring instead to milk plays, books, news events, toys and even video games for their screenplays.
Russian parliament to consider Kyoto ratification in October &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW. Oct 5 (Interfax) - Boris Gryzlov, chairman of the State Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament, told journalists on Tuesday that the Duma will be prepared in October to ratify the Kyoto Protocol.
U.S. Weighs More Sanctions Vs. Belarus (AP) AP - The Bush administration may impose sanctions against leaders of the former Soviet republic of Belarus as part of a broader range of punitive measures, the State Department said Thursday.
Revelations on ""children overboard"" incident put pressure on Australian PM (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard was fighting to maintain his credibility after official transcripts backed up critics' claims about what he knew of a controversial 2001 sea rescue of boatpeople.
EU weighs euro #39;s rise against dollar European Union finance ministers considered the ever-strengthening euro against the dollar Monday amid appeals for Washington to rein in its budget and current account deficits to stop the slide of the US currency.
After layoff, Poole eases back into action FOXBOROUGH -- Tyrone Poole said he probably could count the number of plays he got in on with one hand, but after missing seven games because of knee surgery, the Patriots' starting cornerback was just pleased to get back on the field.
Jury Selection to Begin in Kobe Bryant Rape Trial  EAGLE, Colo. (Reuters) - Jury selection begins in the Kobe  Bryant rape case on Friday when hundreds of potential jurors  fill out a questionnaire to help determine if they can sit in  judgment in a trial involving race, sex and celebrity.
Thais  #39;bomb #39; south with paper birds on Muslim south Around 50 Thai Air Force planes  quot;bombed quot; the largely Muslim south with paper birds on Sunday as a symbol of peace for the restive region where nearly 500 people have been killed since January.
Auburn's Obomanu Recalls 'The Drop' (AP) AP - Ben Obomanu used to be curious about the goats of the sports world, the guys who had the game in their hands and failed. ""Wow, I wonder how that guy feels,"" he'd ask himself. He doesn't have to ask anymore. Not since ""The Drop,"" his own moment of infamy when a chance to beat Mississippi last season slipped through his hands in the end zone, turning his dream game into a nightmare.
Broncos Running Back Out for Entire Season (AP) AP - Denver Broncos running back Mike Anderson will miss the entire season because of a groin injury sustained last weekend in an exhibition game against Houston.
Intel drops prices on computer chips SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. has cut prices on its computer chips by as much as 35 percent, though analysts on Monday said the cuts were probably unrelated to swelling inventories of the world #39;s largest chip maker.
JJB profit and bid hopes fade away Sports retailer JJB yesterday reported a near 25 drop in profits and continuing poor sales, and ended shareholders #39; hopes of a takeover by announcing that a potential bidder had walked away.
Panel Urges N.Y. to Pay \$14 Billion More for City Schools Court-appointed referees recommended the state pay an additional \$14 billion over four years to improve New York City schools.
Attacks disrupt some credit card transactions Flood of data interrupts Authorize.net's credit card processing for Internet merchants, leaving the company scrambling.
Fannie Mae mess worries investors The fallout from allegations of serious accounting problems at Fannie Mae has rattled investors and could even bump up mortgage rates down the road.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The Kansas City Royals host the opener of a three-game series against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays tonight, just one day after playing a very strange doubleheader.
Music sharing continues to thrive A steady growth in legal music downloads continues while illegal file sharing networks also flourish, analysts say.
Mills Grabs \$1B Portfolio; Taubman Likely to Lose Contracts Mills Corp. agreed to purchase a 50 percent interest in nine malls owned by General Motors Asset Management Corp. for just over \$1 billion, creating a new joint venture between the groups. The deal will extend ...
Bookings Decline at US Airways US Airways Group Inc. attorneys and executives acknowledged in bankruptcy court yesterday that bookings had fallen more steeply than they had anticipated in reaction to their Chapter
Opel management, workers talk in job issues The management and labor representatives of the car producer Opel began talks Monday on thecontroversial massive layoffs faced by its workers.
Jordan #39;s Zarqawi Financier Jailed Six Months Jordan #39;s state security court jailed an Islamist militant for six months on Sunday for financing al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s bombings in Iraq but found no evidence to charge him with plotting any attacks.
Ocean Spray to Buy Northland Assets Looking to expand its fruit receiving and concentrating operations in the nation #39;s largest cranberry-producing state, Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc.
Under Attack, Director Says Hollinger's Black Misled Him Richard N. Perle, a director at the media company Hollinger International who was criticized in an internal report, says he was duped by its former chief, Conrad M. Black.
Henman Sails at the Swiss Indoors &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Mark Ledsom&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BASEL (Reuters) - Britain's world number four Tim Henmanwon his opening match at the Swiss Indoors tennis tournamentwith little difficulty on Wednesday, beating Frenchman AntonyDupuis 6-3, 6-4.&lt;/p&gt;
Israel scrambled warplanes  #39;in case of hijacking threat #39; Israeli warplanes scrambled as soon as news broke of the Taba bombings. Military sources would not elaborate but analysts suggested the most likely reason was to intercept any hijacked
Gunfire Erupts in Pro-Aristide Haiti Slum PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti Oct. 3, 2004 - Gunfire erupted in a slum teeming with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Sunday, sending people scattering through trash-strewn streets following
Turkey defiant over EU accession Turkey's foreign minister says the EU should not attach conditions to Turkey's bid to start membership talks.
Bluetooth Group Outlines Strategy (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With Bluetooth short-range wireless technology finding its way into an array of hardware products, ranging from mobile phones to in-vehicle telematics systems, a working group promoting the specification has outlined a strategy to make it even more attractive and useful.
Tech Giants Declare, 'United We Stand' Tough times often make for strange bedfellows, and the explosion of viruses, computer worms and spyware programs on the Internet is producing unique alliances among top technology firms. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Chicago Fed conf. sees US 2005 GDP down at 3.3 pct US economic growth is expected to slow in 2005 due to rising interest rates and high crude oil prices, according to a forecast of participants at a Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago conference released on Monday.
Glazer bid for Old Trafford falls flat Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid for Manchester United is dead in the water after major shareholders John Magnier and JP McManus told the American there was no basis for a deal.
Small changes, big profits Staples Inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company's stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond. Everyone went home smiling.
Bucks' Zendon Hamilton Has Knee Surgery (AP) AP - Milwaukee Bucks forward Zendon Hamilton will miss six weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery on his right knee.
Cup chase lands in Dover When the green flag drops for today #39;s MBNA America 400 at Dover International Speedway, 43 drivers will be lined up to cross the start/finish line.
Microsoft sues over fake labels Microsoft has sued eight US computer resellers who it says bought or sold counterfeit Certificate of Authenticity labels or genuine labels that had been separated from their related software, all in breach of copyright and trade mark laws.
Frisday #39;s Sports Transactions BOSTON CELTICS_Activated G Delonte West from the injured list. Placed F Justin Reed on the injured list. PHILADELPHIA 76ERS_Activated G Aaron McKie from the inujred list.
Stocks Seen Lower as Oil Hits New High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Monday, as oil prices hit another record,  fueling worries that soaring energy costs will bite into  corporate profits.
US trade deficit balloons again Official figures show that the US trade deficit widened to the second-highest level on record in August.
Ex-U.S. Cyber Security Chief Sees Curb on Phishing &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Lisa Baertlein&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A former White House Web security\chief predicted on Wednesday that technology companies and law\enforcers could soon stamp out most Internet ""phishing"" scams\that aim to trick people into giving away personal and\financial information.&lt;/p&gt;
Iran ready to test Shahab-3 missile again: defense minister TEHRAN (IRNA) -- Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani stressed that Iran #39;s recent test of the Shahab-3 missile was successful, saying his ministry is ready to test it again  #39;in the presence of observers #39;.
Car Seats Measured for Whiplash Safety Using a new dynamic test and a dummy designed especially for rear impact testing, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety has rated 73 seat/head restraint combinations available in 63 car models sold in the US market.
Viruses keep on growing Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Corus makes first profit as UK steel plants return to the black Corus, the Anglo-Dutch steel maker, celebrated its first ever profit yesterday and said its UK plants had contributed to the turnaround.
EBay Expands PayPal Buyer Protection Up to \$1,000 PayPal, eBay Inc. #39;s (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) online payment service, will expand its US buyer protection program to cover up to \$1,000 for qualified transactions, the company said on Thursday.
Badgers ride early surge MADISON, Wis. -- Anthony Davis ran for 124 yards and two touchdowns, and quarterback John Stocco threw for a career-high 297 yards and a touchdown as No. 5 Wisconsin remained unbeaten with a 38-14 rout of archrival Minnesota. Stocco also ran for two touchdowns as the Badgers, 9-0 for the third time in school history, moved into a first-place tie ...
Intel gets off chip speed roller coaster: Technology India: New York, Oct 19 : The world #39;s leading computer chipmaker Intel has jumped off the chip speed roller coaster by yanking its four giga hertz (4 GHz) Pentium 4 processor off the drawing board.
Swedes Blast Gov't Response to Tsunami (AP) AP - Hours after a tsunami flattened south Asia beaches  #151; a magnet for thousands of vacationing Swedes  #151; the Swedish foreign minister went to the theater.
Today's schedule College field hockey: UMass-Dartmouth at Salve Regina, 3 p.m.; UNH at BC, 7 p.m.; Anna Maria at Westfield St., 7 p.m.
At least 20 dead in Kurkik bombing A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb near a crowd of people waiting to apply for jobs with the Iraqi National Guard in the northern city of Kirkuk on yesterday, killing at least 20 people and wounding 16, officials said.
Technology ; STT, Telekom Malaysia buy 48 pct of Idea Singapore government-owned STT and TM International, the international investment arm of Telekom Malaysia, said in a statement on Saturday they had signed  quot;definitive agreements quot; to buy the entire stake of Cingular Wireless in Idea.
Sister of man who died in Vancouver police custody slams chief (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - The sister of a man who died after a violent confrontation with police has demanded the city's chief constable resign for defending the officer involved.
US Airways shares up on possible pilots pact Shares of US Airways Group Inc. rose more than 9 Thursday morning after the airline #39;s pilots union said it may agree on a plan to cut wages and benefits.
Cambodia #39;s king wants to abdicate Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk has announced he is too ill to continue and has confirmed he plans to abdicate. Prince Ranariddh, the king #39;s son has traveled to Beijing, where
Jones confirms deal to buy Barneys Jones Apparel Group said Thursday it struck a deal to acquire Barneys New York Inc., agreeing to pay \$400 million for the upscale clothing retailer #39;s outstanding stock and debt.
EC presses for safer internet The EU Telecommunications Council today today launched Safer Internet Plus, a scheme to help parents and teachers control what children view online.
Cink Leads NEC Invitational by One Shot (AP) AP - Free from the burden of trying to make the Ryder Cup team, Stewart Cink looked at ease Thursday on a marathon day at the NEC Invitational that ended with his name atop the leaderboard.
Paterno #39;s real tragedy may be not knowing when to go Joe Paterno often has talked about the profound impact that a piece of classic literature has had on his life. While a student at Brooklyn Prep in the early 1940s, he devoured TheAeneid, written by the Roman poet Virgil.
Too few games could set back PSP launch - Sony exec Signs of a delay, or just managing expectations?
Linux Core Consortium may not derail fate #39;s wheels Fate may hold something of a pre-determined fragmentation for Linux operating systems, like Unix before them, that even standards efforts cannot undo.
Disney takes sides in battle for next generation DVD (AFP) AFP - Hollywood movie powerhouse Walt Disney has taken sides with Japan's Sony Corp. in a bitter battle between studios to define a technical standard for next generation DVDs, it said.
Arson attack on Jewish centre in Paris (AFP) AFP - A Jewish social centre in central Paris was destroyed by fire overnight in an anti-Semitic arson attack, city authorities said.
Sony reveals some specs for PSP handheld The PlayStation Portable is going to have one complex processor running the show for games and multimedia.
Medicare Premiums to Rise Record 17 Pct. WASHINGTON - Medicare premiums for doctor visits are going up a record \$11.60 a month next year. The Bush administration says the increase reflects a strengthened Medicare, while Democrats complain that seniors are being unfairly socked...
Streaking Patriots still stinging from last game at Buffalo Anytime someone tells Bill Belichick how great his team is, the New England Patriots coach needs only to slip in a tape of last year #39;s season opener to stay grounded.
Something Oozed on Titan #39;s Surface Summary - (Nov 8, 2004) NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft took this image of Titan as it sped past the moon on Oct. 26, 2004. It was taken from an altitude of 2,500 km (1,553 miles) using the spacecraft #39;s aperture
Griffin, Davis Both Sitting Out (AP) AP - Starting running backs Quentin Griffin of the Broncos and Stephen Davis of the Panthers both were inactive for Sunday's game.
IBM Seeks To Have SCO Claims Dismissed (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has -- again -- sought to have the pending legal claims by The SCO Group dismissed. According to a motion it filed in a U.S. district court, IBM argues that SCO has no evidence to support its claims that it appropriated confidential source code from Unix System V and placed it in Linux.
Eli Lilly to Cut 575 US Jobs Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said Thursday it plans to cut 575 jobs, or a little more than 2 percent of its US workforce, in a move to streamline its operations.
Microsoft to hire hundreds in India Microsoft on Tuesday announced its decision to localise Windows and Office software in 14 Indian languages over the next 12 months and that the company would hire  #39;hundreds #39; in India this year.
CHUCK JAFFE BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- A lot of people got excited when Fidelity Investments announced recently that it was cutting fees on five index mutual funds.
World's Tallest Bridge Soars Above French Valley A bridge officially designated the tallest in the world was inaugurated by President Jacques Chirac in southern France Tuesday.
Fed Raises Interest Rate A 4th Time, To 2 Percent The Federal Reserve suggested that it would continue to raise interest rates gradually through much of next year.
Euro supercomputing initiative welcomes users European researchers can now turn to a new supercomputing network for help in their scientific endeavors.  quot;We have just completed testing, quot; said David Henty with the Edinburgh Parallel Computing Centre, a
Yemeni Ambassador to United Nations Dies (AP) AP - Abdullah Saleh al-Ashtal, who served as Yemen's ambassador to the United Nations for nearly 30 years, died in New York on Thursday after a long illness, Yemen's Foreign Ministry and its U.N. Mission said Friday. He was 66.
Not quite high Tech Virginia Tech just couldn't seem to get going. There were turnovers. There were botched plays. There were missed opportunities. Then, in the last 5 1/2 minutes, Bryan Randall and the Hokies turned it all around.
Open Source Group Blasts Gartner For Linking Linux To Windows &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Australian open-source industry group on Friday took exception to a Gartner report that pre-loading PCs with Linux is often a precursor to adding a pirated copy of Windows, calling the research  quot;farcical.
India's low-cost airline eyes business travel (AFP) AFP - India's pioneer low-cost carrier Air Deccan plans to raise 50 million dollars in private equity by shedding a 26 percent stake and also aims to enter the corporate business jet segment, its chairman said.
Guard registers a special point Gary Payton didn't know he had joined the 20,000-point club last night until the public address announcer at the FleetCenter trumpeted the feat.
Short Jump, Bad Handoff End Jones #39; Games ATHENS, Greece - For Marion Jones, Sydney must seem far more than half a world away. Those Olympics were some dreamland where she ruled track and field with a golden touch and a sweet smile, winning five medals
Negotiations for hostages in Afghanistan fall short Militants holding hostage three foreign UN workers in Afghanistan said they negotiated yesterday with Afghan government and UN officials in southern Afghanistan but that the meeting ended without results.
League of Development Major League Soccer plans to start a new league to develop young players, part of its 10-year sponsorship deal with Adidas.
Roadside Bomb Injures Six GIs in Iraq (AP) AP - A roadside bomb exploded near an American military patrol in Baghdad Saturday, injuring six soldiers, the U.S. command said.
Darfur Rebels Urge Nigeria To Intervene, Kickstart Sudan Peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rebel leaders from Sudan #39;s Darfur region called on Thursday on Nigeria to intervene and kickstart African Union-sponsored talks on the crisis in the west of Sudan
Are Gunners in crisis? Gunners have won just one of their last six Prem- iership games and could go out of the Champions League if they fail to beat Rosenborg on Tuesday.
Dollar Keeps Gains as Market Awaits Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar idled on Tuesday after gaining  the previous day, as many investors held off building positions  ahead of economic data from the United States.
Imagining An iPod Challenger NEW YORK - If ever there was a company that could challenge Apple Computer for the dominant position in the still-young digital music space, it should be Sony.
Google shares down ahead of first lockup expiry Shares in newly public Google Inc. fell 2 percent on Wednesday as investors braced for the expiration of a lockup period that has kept insiders at the Web search company from selling stock.
Ohio Sues Best Buy, Alleging Used Sales (AP) AP - Ohio authorities sued Best Buy Co. Inc. on Thursday, alleging the electronics retailer engaged in unfair and deceptive business practices.
Coca-Cola Makes Very Good #39; Bid to End Probe, EU Says (Update2) Coca-Cola Co. moved closer to settling a five-year European Commission antitrust probe after regulators said an offer from the world #39;s biggest soft-drink maker to revamp its sales practices is very good.
North Korea-watchers ponder significance of Kim #39;s changed status SEOUL - Watchers of the reclusive North Korean regime are buzzing about reports that might indicate a change in the cult of personality surrounding Kim Jong Il.
Thomas still struggling Time slips away in a hurry as Tim Thomas runs around looking to make something happen in short order. The slumping forward #39;s on a short leash at the moment and wound up watching most of last
Vioxx Faces Challenges from Insurers, Lawyers Merck  amp; Co. faces a dual threat from health insurers and patients #39; lawyers, after a US study suggested its Vioxx arthritis drug carries a greater risk than rival medicines.
Around the world The bombing of a UN election office in Afghanistan that injured six policemen drew calls from a UN union Friday for a withdrawal of staffers from the embattled nation.
Tremor shook Japan At least 14 people sustained injuries when a strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit a sparsely populated area of Japan #39;s northernmost main island of Hokkaido.
TV aims for prime time in digital home New standard uses Web-based protocols to let televisions control other devices in a home.
Row over Australian army photo A picture of Australian troops dressed as members of the Ku Klux Klan stirs accusations of racism.
Georgia Tech Looks to Virginia Tech (AP) AP - Georgia Tech wants to avoid being embarrassed by another ACC rookie.
Unilever Cuts Profit Forecasts on Sluggish Sales (Update3) Unilever, the world #39;s largest maker of food and soap, cut its full-year earnings forecast after sales of ice cream and cold drinks slumped in Europe and demand for beauty and laundry products slowed.
Rugby: Kiwis earn draw New Zealand hold Australia 16-16 in the first game of the 2004 Tri-Nations series.
Fan Death Family members of a college student killed by Boston police during a Red Sox celebration will wait for an internal investigation before deciding if they will sue the department.
Bush quietly signs corporate tax-cut bill WASHINGTON - With no fanfare, President Bush Friday signed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, showering \$136 billion in new tax breaks on businesses, farmers and other groups.
Oil prices send US stocks lower INVESTORS sent stocks sharply lower today as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs pressured pharmaceutical stocks.
Shah Rukh Khan apologises to Buddhist monks COLOMBO: Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan has apologised to Sri Lanka #39;s protesting Buddhist monks for the timing of his mega concert here, which coincides with the death anniversary of a popular priest, but said the show will go on.
Cloud rat arrives at London Zoo London zoo celebrates the birth of a Panay cloud rat, a very rare tree-living rodent from the Philippines.
Spimming for Dollars Today #39;s new word, for all you dictionary freaks, is  quot;spim quot;. Spam  IM (Instant Messaging) = Spim. IM Spam. And for many IM companies it is the bane of their existence requiring increasingly aggressive filtering and block list capabilities.
Sales aren #39;t making the grade Retailers in Michigan delighted when students returned to the classroom, but the back-to-school sales haven #39;t generated the kind of dollars many projected.
Safety concerns stand in way of space tourism Thrill seekers are plunking down six figures to ride rockets not even been built yet, and a new airline called Virgin Galactic promises to be soaring in the next three years.
ESPN Soccernet.com news services CARSON, Calif. -- The Los Angeles Galaxy signed forward Alan Gordon on loan from the Portland Timbers of the A-League on Friday. A Galaxy selection in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft, the club will have the option
Bonds Takes Stock The distraction of another milestone is gone, and Bonds is preparing himself to play every game for the rest of the season.
Scientists Prepare for Huygens' Plunge into Titan UC Berkeley -- On Jan. 14, 2005, the Huygens probe will plow into the orange atmosphere of Saturn's moon, Titan, becoming the first spacecraft to attempt to land on a moon in our solar system since the Soviet Union's Luna 24 touched down on Earth's moon in 1976...
India hospital injections fears India's health minister tells parliament that nearly 70 of injections at government hospitals are unsafe.
No quick fix in Boeing-Airbus talks World Trade Organization (WTO) talks on a transatlantic row over plane subsidies will bring no quick fix for what could be the biggest commercial dispute in WTO history, officials and analysts warned on Wednesday.
Deutsche Bank to Sell Scudder Business to Legg Mason Deutsche Bank AG of Germany plans to sell its New York, Philadelphia, Cincinnati and Chicago offices of Scudder Private Investment Counsel to Legg Mason Inc. for \$55 million, plus payments of up to \$26 million, the company said Monday.
DEBKAfile Special Analysis Before deporting him to Lebanon in 1991, the late Yitzhak Rabin called Ezz-Eldin Sheikh al-Khalil the snakes head, singling him out as the terror master who raised and handled Hamas most accomplished terror operatives, Adnan al Hool and
Mularkey sticking with Bledsoe as Bills starter Mike Mularkey has a message to those clamoring for rookie quarterback JP Losman to replace Drew Bledsoe as Buffalo #39;s starter. Not yet.
Powell backpedals on Taiwan remarks US Secretary of State Colin Powell yesterday carefully avoided repeating a suggestion he made earlier this week of an eventual reunification of China and Taiwan.
Pakistan turns up heat on al Qaeda Pakistani forces have been battling al Qaeda fighters in an ongoing operation to rout terrorists in a tribal area near the border with Afghanistan, Pakistani intelligence sources said.
Friday Focus: Running in the rain Rain is forecast for Saturday in Spa. Here's what the team will do to cope...
Nikkei Opens Higher (Reuters) Reuters - The Nikkei average rose 1.37 percent at\the opening on Monday as a recovery in U.S. stocks encouraged\investors to seek bargains among lagging issues, including\Canon Inc. and other high-tech issues.
Iraq cleric 'to end Najaf revolt' Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr reportedly agrees to end an uprising in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf.
Israel Destroys Refugee Homes, Kills One GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - A day after a mortar round killed an Israeli-American woman in a nearby settlement, the Israeli army charged into a Palestinian refugee camp Saturday, killing one person and tearing down 35 homes, witnesses and a U.N. aid official said...
Macaulay Culkin Released After Drug Arrest OKLAHOMA CITY - Former child star Macaulay Culkin was arrested on drug charges Friday during a traffic stop, authorities said. The 24-year-old actor, best known for his role in the ""Home Alone"" movies, was taken into custody on complaints of possession of a controlled dangerous substance without a valid prescription and possession of marijuana, according to the Oklahoma County Sheriff's office...
Qantas wants better tax treatment MARK COLVIN: Qantas might have posted yet another record profit, but the national carrier #39;s boss, Geoff Dixon, claims earnings are being hampered by unfair subsidies for international carriers allowed to fly in and out of Australia.
Abdullah conveys concerns over violence to Thaksin KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia has conveyed to Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra its concern over the latest incident of violence in southern Thailand.
IBM, partners roll out ID management suite IBM Corp. and four partners on Wednesday announced what they call a ""major breakthrough"" in identity management designed to help business and government agencies protect assets, including IT systems and physical facilities, from unauthorized users.
New handheld computer from SONY with electroluminescent display (CP) - SONY has introduced it #39;s Clie PEG-VZ90, an entertainment multimedia handheld using Palm OS 5.2.1. The unit boasts the world #39;s largest 480x320 pixels organic electroluminescent (EL) display, which many regard as a next-generation technology capable
U.S. Treasuries Recover, JGB Rally Helps  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Friday,  with a rally in Japanese government bond (JGB) prices helping  the market recover some ground from the previous day's  sell-off.
Treasuries Mirror Oil's Climb (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields hit their lowest\level in almost seven months on Monday as record high oil\prices clouded the outlook for global economic growth.
Siemens, Freescale Extend Auto Partnership Siemens VDO Automotive and Freescale Semiconductor have renewed their automotive relationship, representing about \$245 million for components including ASICs, microcontrollers, analog and sensor components, beginning in 2006.
Opportunity Rover Stumbles Upon Rocky, Maybe Watery, Find (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Almost by accident, NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has found a rock that may point to a second water event in the red planet's past.
US troops accelerate operations against Sunni insurgents _ US troops are on the offensive in Iraq ahead of the holy month of Ramadan, which is expected to start at the end of the week. The operations appear aimed at preventing a repeat of the
Colts Lead Pats Early in Third Quarter FOXBORO, Mass. - Peyton Manning reached the 25,000-yard passing mark faster than anyone but Dan Marino, and the Indianapolis Colts shredded the New England Patriots for a 17-13 halftime lead Thursday night...
New Year, New Notebooks For All T.C. Williams High School is handing out laptops to make sure students of all backgrounds have the latest equipment in an increasingly computerized world.
Next Big Hit at the Modern: Its Reopening The buzz over the greatly enlarged museum is expected to turn into a cacophony on Saturday.
Joyous Red Sox Fans Celebrate Clean Sweep Over Angels BOSTON -- Exuberant Red Sox fans spilled out of Fenway Park on Friday in a raucous celebration of Friday #39;s dramatic 8-6 10th inning victory over the Anaheim Angels that propelled Boston into the American League Championship series.
Antidepressants to Reflect Suicide Risk  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug  Administration plans to update antidepressant labels to reflect  studies that suggest a link between the drugs and suicide in  youths, but remains cautious about the strength of such ties,   according to documents released on Friday.
EU Pursues Oracle-PeopleSoft Case (AP) AP - European Union regulators suggested Monday they are not bound by a U.S. decision to allow Oracle Corp. to pursue its  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. and are continuing to collect data on the deal.
Phelps Seeks More Gold at World Championships  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Still riding a wave of euphoria  from the Olympics, Michael Phelps returns to the pool this week  at the world short course swimming championships seeking a  repeat of his six gold medals in Athens.
Arafat urges reforms to rectify his  #39;mistakes #39; YASSER Arafat, the Palestinian president, made a rare acknowledgement of mistakes under his rule yesterday and urged reforms to end corruption.
UN Kabul kidnappers reveal demands A militant group is threatening to kill three UN hostages kidnapped in Afghanistan, including a British woman, unless all Taliban prisoners are released.
34 tech firms sued for alleged LCD patent theft Honeywell has issued lawsuits against 34 companies, including Dell, Apple, Sony and Toshiba alleging LCD panels used in their products infringe a 1992 patent the company holds.
Chelsea 1-0 West Ham Mateja Kezman finally broke his Chelsea goal duck with the winner against a spirited West Ham in the Carling Cup. The striker was making his 13th outing for Chelsea and he arrowed in a second half shot past keeper James Walker.
Time warner in \$600m setttlement Time Warner is to announce today that it will pay between \$500 and \$600 million to settle federal investigations into irregularities at America Online, according to reports in the American press.
Nike Co-Founder Knight Steps Down as CEO (Reuters) Reuters - Nike Inc.  co-founder\Philip Knight, who helped transform a small-start up business\into the world's biggest athletic shoe company, will step down\as chief executive officer, the company said on Thursday.
Treasuries Mount Rally Despite Inflation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rallied on  Wednesday as inflation excluding food and energy, one of the  Federal Reserve's preferred price measures, proved less  dramatic than bond bulls had feared.
Advanced Micro Devices meets reduced forecast for third quarter SAN FRANCISCO - Advanced Micro Devices Inc. reported a third-quarter profit from a loss a year-earlier on today, but sales fell from the second quarter in line with the chip maker #39;s recently reduced outlook.
CTIA shines spotlight on mobile middleware Mobility will take center stage this week as San Francisco plays host to the Cellular Telecommunications   Internet Association's (CTIA) Wireless I.T.   Entertainment 2004 fall conference.
Darfur peace talks inch forward despite deadlock over security ABUJA (AFP) - African Union mediators met separately with Sudanese government envoys and the leaders of the uprising in the strife-torn region of Darfur in a bid to hammer out a deal on demilitarising the conflict.
Parliament Invasion Spurs Security Concern (AP) AP - Silver buckled shoes, stockings and a ceremonial sword? Time, some say, for Parliament's archaic security measures to be dragged into the 21st century after what was called the worst security breach at the House of Commons since 1642.
The video iPod is coming, I hope At Tuesday's unveiling of the iPod Photo, Steve Jobs repeated his contention that the iPod is the ""wrong place"" for video. I doubt he'll be saying that a year from now. Missing Links
Microsoft To Ship Longhorn in 2006 Without WinFS Microsoft will ship its next Windows client code-named Longhorn in 2006 as originally promised -- but without the next-generation file system known as WinFS.
Hall of Shame   Hall of Fame We spotlight people and products that pester us...and the heroes saving us from annoyances.
Cingular Planning Major 3G Wireless Rollout Just as the AT amp;T buy helped Cingular move ahead of Verizon Wireless to the top of the industry in terms of size, the new network would likely give it an overall faster network, a distinction most say Verizon can now boast.
Kansas State 76, Arkansas-Pine Bluff 42 Clent Stewart scored a career-high 15 points and Kansas State used stifling defense for a 76-42 victory over Arkansas-Pine Bluff on Monday.
Longhorn announcements barely a blimp on IT radar While developers are naturally curious over tweaks to the Longhorn road map, many IT administrators barely take notice. Enterprise IT customers typically lag at least
Erdogan Believes European Council #39;s Decision Will Be A Milestone PARIS - Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan expressed belief on Thursday that the decision that the European Council would make on December 17th (on whether and when to open negotiations with Turkey) would be a milestone for not only Turkey-(EU) relations
Residents Protest Nation #39;s First Hydrogen Refueling Station Two dozen protesters greeted Mayor Tony Williams and top executives of Shell, who came to open North America #39;s first hydrogen refueling station.
Playstation 3 to arrive spring 2006 In Japan NVIDIA HAS MADE A big noise about Playstation 3 deal but unfortunately you won #39;t see this console any time soon. Nvidia stock holders definitely know about Sony and its Playstation 3 killer business and therefore Nvidia is recovering on the stock market.
Bush Declares Genocide in Sudan's Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - The United States declared on\Thursday that the violence in Sudan's Darfur region amounted to\genocide and urged the world to back an expanded African\peacekeeping force to halt the bloodshed.
First Look: Intuit's QuickBooks for Newbies New Simple Start Edition accounting software targets small businesses still using pencil and paper.
French Internet provider Wanadoo will build Dutch broadband network (AFP) AFP - The French Internet provider Wanadoo will construct its own broadband network in the Netherlands and hopes to reach 55 percent of Dutch homes, a spokesman told the Financieele Dagblad.
Trial of Accused US Vigilantes Resumes KABUL, Afghanistan Aug. 23, 2004 - A defense lawyer for one of three Americans accused of torturing a dozen Afghan prisoners in a private jail showed a video in court Monday of Afghanistan #39;s former education
Hu issues certificates to two new generals Chinese President Hu Jintao presented on Saturday certificates to two nearly promoted generals in his capacity as chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC) of the Communist Party of China.
Technical Hitch Delays Russia Space Station Launch (Reuters) Reuters - The launch of a Russian rocket scheduled\to blast off to the International Space Station next month has\been postponed because of problems with the docking system,\Russia's space agency said on Wednesday.
Pakistan on back foot in four dayer (AFP) AFP - Pakistan was still struggling at lunch on the second day of their four-day tour match against Western Australia here despite claiming two wickets in the morning session.
Our mobile margins will fall: Telstra TELSTRA chief financial officer John Stanhope has admitted Telstra #39;s margins in its \$4.5 billion a year mobile phone business will shrink this year in the face of increased price competition and the growing cost of acquiring new customers.
Storms Seem to Cure Floridians of Hurricane Amnesia The state #39;s East Coast hadn #39;t been hit by a hurricane since 1999. That, and the fact that Florida hasn #39;t had its historic share of such storms in recent decades, has led to some complacency about their effects.
Service-Sector Revenues Rise in Q2 Revenues in key sectors of the US services industry grew in the second quarter, the government said on Monday in a new survey aimed at measuring growth in the giant tranche of the economy.
UPDATE 1-Diebold cuts forecast, cites voting machine unit Diebold Inc. (DBD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the leading maker of automated teller machines, on Monday reduced its third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs
Kiwis trample USrookies LONDON -Nathan Astle #39;s 145 helped give New Zealand a record-setting 210-run victory over cricket rookie United States in the ICC Champions Trophy Pool A match at the Oval yesterday.
One assist, goal for hometown star STOCKHOLM, Sweden -- First, Peter Forsberg watched as his retired jersey No. 21 was lowered from the rafters at Kempehallen. Then, after getting a standing ovation from the sold-out crowd, the locked-out Colorado
EU Move on Cyprus Eases Way for Turkey Deal  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey inched  toward a historic agreement on starting membership talks on  Friday as EU leaders softened their demands on the crucial  sticking point of Cyprus.
Philippines mourns dead in Russian school siege The Philippines Saturday expressed quot;deepest sympathy quot; to the families of the dead in the Russian school siege on Friday, in which 322 people were killed when Russian troops stormed
LIVE: Launch of Expedition Ten Crew to the ISS / ESA TV Live / 14 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The early morning hours of 14 October will see the next ISS launch, bringing another permanent crew to the Station. Expedition 10 crew is made of Commander Leroy Chiao and Flight Engineer Salizhan Sharipov.
Ft: Birmingham 2 Newcastle 2 Newcastle almost regained the lead when Bellamy headed a corner from Robert back across goal but Elliotts close range effort was somehow kept out by a pack of Blues bodies guarding the goal-line.
Pacers 89, Raptors 86 Jamaal Tinsley scored 17 of his 22 points in the second half to lead the Indiana Pacers to an 89-86 victory over the Toronto Raptors, who traded All Star Vince Carter to New Jersey earlier Friday.
Jobless Claims Rise Unexpectedly  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing  initial claims for jobless pay grew unexpectedly last week to  357,000, Labor Department data showed on Thursday, but an  official said an increase in the week after a public holiday  was typical.
Novell Brings Linux to the Desktop Novell #39;s Linux Desktop 9 includes an end-user operating system, office applications and productivity tools. It boasts the same levels of security and reliability as the SuSE Linux Enterprise
Sudan Questions WHO Darfur Deaths Figures Sudan on Saturday questioned UN estimates that up to 70,000 people have died from hunger and disease in its remote Darfur region since a rebellion began 20 months ago.
#39;Poison pill #39; just in case THE haste with which News Corporation has adopted a  quot;poison pill quot; - or stockholders rights plan - following the bold move of John Malone #39;s Liberty Media to put its foot on a further 8 per cent of the voting stock demonstrates a real concern as to his
Mandela, Tutu and others support Annan A group of high profile South Africans, including former president Nelson Mandela, has condemned attempts to force United Nations secretary-general Kofi Annan to resign.
GAO: Outsourcing could hurt IT employment growth A new GAO report indicates that offshore outsourcing could hurt IT employment growth over the next decade, but the study released today is sprinkled with caveats and qualifiers and shows more study is needed.
Enter your e-mail: If you can #39;t beat Google, make it better--that seems to be the lesson of A9.com, Amazon #39;s intriguing new search site. For Web searches, A9 simply gives you Google #39;s results, but it does a lot more--for instance
NL Wrap: Dunn Goes Deep as Reds Tame Cubs Adam Dunn hit his 44th home run of the season as the Cincinnati Reds dealt the Chicago Cubs a blow to their National League wild card aspirations with an 8-3 win at Wrigley Field on Tuesday.
Same-sex divorce rules still hazy Now that an Ontario couple has been given Canada #39;s first same-sex divorce, experts are divided over just how easy it will be for gays and lesbians in other provinces to end their marriages.
Tesco steps up RFID efforts Tesco is rolling out radio barcode technology across its 98 Tesco Extra stores to track high-value items between its internal distribution centres and its outlets.
Troops close Gaza roads after rockets fired at Israel JERUSALEM -- Israeli forces blocked main roads in Gaza yesterday after rockets were fired at an Israeli town, and troops tore down houses in a refugee camp on the Egyptian border, foreshadowing more unrest after Israel #39;s announced planned pullout next year
All-rounder McGrath Glenn McGrath, thoroughbred fast bowler for a decade, embarked on a new career as an all-rounder in his 102nd Test match at the Gabba, hitting his first half-century as Australia
Bofra burrows in through banner ads Hackers may be using banner ad servers to multiply the impact of the Internet Explorer virus, security experts warn.
AMD readies powerful desktop chips AMD is expected to unveil its most powerful desktop processors to date this week, a few days after rival Intel disclosed changes to its desktop processor road map.
Feyenoord cuts PSV #39;s lead to three Feyenoord cut PSV Eindhoven #39;s lead atop the Dutch Premiership to three points on Sunday as Bart Goor equalized two minutes into injury time for a 3-3 draw with the leaders.
In the end, goofs sink Jays TORONTO -- All the early miscues belonged to the Oakland Athletics but the ones that mattered the most, in the eighth and ninth innings, were made by the Toronto Blue Jays.
Prized Fossil Just a Rock? With positive and negative results, it remains to be seen what type of Fossil this company really is.
Discus Champion Thrown Out of Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hungarian Olympic discus champion Robert  Fazekas will lose his gold medal and be expelled from the Games  after breaking doping rules, the International Olympic  Committee (IOC) said Tuesday.
Brits to lose 12 current of IT jobs by 2010 New report on offshoring's implications from the British Computer Society.
Footage Shows 10 New Hostages in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera showed video Thursday of 10 new hostages seized in Iraq by militants.    Al-Jazeera said the 10 - six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian women - were taken by The Islamic Army in Iraq...
EU foreign ministers hope to break deadlock over ASEM summit The European Union said Friday it  quot;hoped to reach a conclusion quot; at a meeting of foreign ministers on the participation of military-ruled Myanmar in an upcoming summit of Asian and European nations.
AOL drops Microsoft antispam technology com September 16, 2004, 1:15 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Cards unfazed by Series deficit Monday #39;s workout at Busch Stadium contained a few more St. Louis Cardinals than you #39;d expect considering it was optional, but you could understand why they #39;d want to
Orbitz's Michael Sands Is Named President (AP) AP - Travel-reservations Web site Orbitz Inc. Tuesday said it named its former chief marketing officer, Michael Sands, as president.
Testing didn #39;t curtail homers It #39;s time to fess up. We were among the hordes of skeptics (sheep?) who boldly proclaimed drug-testing would blow a hole in the number of runs and home runs we #39;d see in 2004.
Success For Spaceship One MOJAVE -- Burt Rutan #39;s space ship one made its first trip into sub-orbital outer space in pursuit of the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
Spain coach faces racism inquiry THE Spanish football federation yesterday opened a disciplinary file against national coach Luis Aragones - but anti-racism campaigners expect him to be let off with a warning.
French seek 'anti-Semitic' TV ban The French prime minister calls for a satellite TV channel backed by Hezbollah to be taken off air.
Thrashers Owner Fined The NHL fined one of the owners of the Thrashers \$250,000 on Tuesday for saying the league would use replacement players next year if a new collective bargaining agreement isn't reached.
WCQ Group 6 preview: Eriksson considers three up front. MANCHESTER, Oct 9 (SW) - England manager Sven Goran Eriksson looks set to play with three forwards in Saturdays World Cup qualifier against Wales at Old Trafford.
US soldier convicted of torture in Iraq A US military intelligence soldier in Iraq has been sentenced to 8 months in prison for taking part in torturing detainees in Abu Ghraib prison.
Swing and a Miss for Asteroid An asteroid the size of a large storage shed came within 4,100 miles of Earth this spring, making it the closest near miss ever recorded, US astronomers said this week.
India snub for foreign airlines NEW DELHI: The Indian government increased the foreign direct investment (FDI) cap yesterday in domestic airlines from 40 to 49 per cent but kept a ban on foreign carriers taking stakes.
Rebels Attack in Central Iraq and the North A rebel counteroffensive swept through central and northern Iraq on Monday as American troops struggled to flush the remaining insurgents from the rubble-strewn streets of Falluja.
Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait still risky investments: study (AFP) AFP - Investing remains risky in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Kuwait, notably because the presence of US forces in the region makes these countries vulnerable to terrorist attacks, a security consulting firm said.
Iraqi Airways resumes international flights after 14 years Iraqi Airways resumed international flights Saturday when a plane took off from neighboring Jordan, the airline #39;s first such flight since UN sanctions were imposed on Saddam Hussein in 1990.
Google Stock Slips as New Shares Hit Market Google Inc. stock dropped more than 6 percent Tuesday as tens of millions of new shares held by early investors and employees of the search engine giant became available for sale for the first time..&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Thatcher case twist as list of alleged coup backers vanishes THE Thatcher saga took a dramatic twist last night when it emerged a key witness in the police investigation has disappeared, taking with him a list of wealthy individuals who supposedly bankrolled an alleged coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Israeli Labour party could clinch coalition deal with Sharon  #39;in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel #39;s opposition Labour party began talks with Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party yesterday about joining its coalition - a partnership aimed at promoting a military withdrawal from Gaza.
No. 19 Kansas State Pummels N.H., 84-50 (AP) AP - Laurie Koehn hit five 3-pointers and scored 19 points to lead No. 19 Kansas State to a 84-50 victory over New Hampshire Friday in the first round of the Wildcat Classic.
Magna bids to privatize auto parts spin-offs AURORA, ONT. - Auto parts giant Magna International on Monday unveiled bids worth a total of about \$1.3 billion to take its three publicly traded subsidiaries private.
Jamaica Searches for Dozens of Fishermen After Ivan Jamaican military forces searched on Wednesday for dozens of fishermen feared missing after Hurricane Ivan #39;s strike on the Caribbean island last weekend, officials said.
Yellowknife parole officer found dead after visiting client in apartment (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - YELLOWKNIFE (CP) - The case of a parole officer apparently killed while she was visiting a client has devastated her colleagues.
General Electric Raises Dividend General Electric Co., a maker of jet engines, plastics and appliances as well as owner of the NBC television network, said Friday that its board raised the company #39;s quarterly dividend by 10 percent to 22 cents per share, and authorized the repurchase of
Video Shows Militants Killing Iraqi from Italy, Turk  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants distributed a video  in Iraq on Monday showing the killings of two men who  identified themselves as an Italian of Iraqi origin and a Turk.
Users Buoyed by Monthly Patch Releases OCTOBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. #39;s move to a monthly patch-release cycle one year ago this month has made it easier to install security updates for Windows and other products, IT managers said last weekeven as they were greeted with a
Report boosts Nextel, Sprint Shares of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. jumped yesterday following reports the two telephone companies were discussing a merger.
Hackers reopen stolen code store with Cisco wares NOVEMBER 03, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - An anonymous group of malicious hackers reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products and is offering the code for Cisco Systems Inc.
Death bell tolls for Russia's Yukos oil giant (AFP) AFP - Russia's Yukos does not begin the week teetering on the edge of ruin where it has been for months now. The oil giant is flat on its back, gasping for its last breaths of air.
Strong quake hits Hokkaido SAPPORO -- A fairly strong earthquake hit eastern Hokkaido, northern Japan, late Monday night, and several people suffered minor injuries, officials said.
DreamWorks, Pixar rule digital animation DreamWorks and Pixar both make cutting-edge digital animated films. But behind the scenes, the two studios are about as different as Shrek and Mr.
MCNAMARA RECEIVES GOOD NEWS Celtic have been boosted by the news that Jackie McNamara should be back in action within six weeks. The Hoops skipper was clearly in agony when he was stretchered off during Tuesday nights 3-1 defeat at the hands of Barcelona.
Will High Oil Prices Lead to Recession? (AP) AP - High oil prices, which have been a factor in virtually all U.S. recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year. And the higher crude oil prices climb, the more risk energy costs pose to what, until recently, many expected to be a banner year for the U.S. economy.
Six Flags 3Q Net Income Falls 60 Percent NEW YORK - Six Flags Inc. #39;s third-quarter net income fell 60 percent, as cool weather hurt attendance at its amusement parks. Six Flags late Monday reported net income of \$56.
Analysis: PeopleSoft users speak out about Oracle takeover (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - The great debate over the impact of Oracle's hostile takeover of PeopleSoft has all the big industry analyst organizations weighing in. However, in most of the analysis one group's opinion seems to have been overlooked: that of PeopleSoft users.
Symantec to offer Web-based Norton AntiVirus console The Web console -- to be made available specifically to corporate and enterprise licensees of Norton AntiVirus software -- will allow administrators to distribute virus definitions and product updates on demand.
SEC considering civil action over 3 AIG press releases American International Group Inc. said it has been informed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that it could face a civil action over three of the company's press releases, two of which came out in recent weeks.
Venezuela Seeking Arms, Perhaps MiG-29s &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela is looking to buyarms to strengthen its military capability and Russian MiG-29fighters are among the options being evaluated, a seniorofficer said on Monday.&lt;/p&gt;
SCHOOL #39;S OUT FOR STERNE A first win on the European Tour - any tour, in fact - is a notable feat in any golfer #39;s career. But the one by South African Richard Sterne in the Madrid Open yesterday deserves special mention.
Will Tellabs Push Its Luck? Perhaps the optical network supplier should call off its merger with AFC.
Hubble heats debate over ionised universe Astronomers poring over the deepest image ever taken of the universe are coming to different conclusions about what made space transparent to light billions of years ago.
Instant messaging worm exploits JPEG flaw (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Security experts have spotted the first attempts to create an Internet worm that propagates using instant messages and exploits a recently disclosed flaw in Microsoft software.
Big Green slip by Wildcats Mike Lang had a career-high 25 points, including the go-ahead jumper with 1:16 remaining, to lift Dartmouth to a 69-67 nonconference victory over New Hampshire last night in Hanover, N.H. Lang's basket broke a 66-66 tie. Dartmouth (3-3) then fouled the Wildcats' Jermaine Anderson, who hit one of two free throws to make it 68-67 with 54 seconds left. A ...
The power of radio helps to end Uganda #39;s long war When Kenneth Banya heard the voices of his former rebel colleagues on the radio calling for an end to Uganda #39;s 18-year civil war, he knew it was time to surrender.
The Shockwaves of Sumatra The Indian Ocean earthquake of December 2004 produced     a shockwave that created tsunamis all across the Indian Ocean. The tsunamis hammered nearby Indonesia and struck as far as     the coast of East Africa. The death toll has climbed over 100,000 and continues to grow.    It also created social shockwaves.
Despite Scandals, Boeing Still Charms Wall Street Boeing's bottom line continues to fatten, even as its image tarnishes, thanks in part to the consolidation of the defense industry, which has left the Pentagon with few choices for buying weapons, industry analysts said.
Taiwan votes on leaner parliament A vote is due to be held in Taiwan on plans to halve the number of seats in the island's famously heated legislature.
Skype releases Pocket PC software Software allows users of personal digital assistants to make free calls using Wi-Fi networks.
Japan executes child killer Japan has hanged a man convicted of stabbing to death eight elementary school children in a rampage that shocked the nation and severely shook its sense of security, local media have said.
Trump #39;s casinos file for bankruptcy Donald Trump #39;s flagship casino business yesterday filed for bankruptcy as part of a financial restructuring aimed at easing \$1.8bn (1m) debt.
Multiplex, Westfield in UK bid SHOPPING centre giant Westfield Group has drafted rival Multiplex and the billionaire Reuben brothers into its pound stg. 585 million (\$1.
Car Bomb Kills 11 Near Green Zone A car bomb exploded in a line of vehicles waiting to enter the Green Zone early Monday, killing at least 11 Iraqis at an
Gauging Reactions To MSN Search Last Thursday, MSN announced the official beta launch of their search engine. Although a preview had been available on their sandbox site, the launch marked the official unveiling of the company #39;s proprietary search technology to the general public.
UN panel proposes sweeping changes UNITED NATIONS, New York The United Nations has proposed the most sweeping changes in its history, recommending the overhaul of its top decision-making group, the Security Council, and holding out the possibility that it could grant legitimacy to pre
Chavez victory confirmed Caracas, Venezuela - The results of an audit support the official vote count showing that President Hugo Chavez won this month #39;s recall referendum in Venezuela, the head of the Organization of American States said Saturday.
Computer Users Warned of  #39;David Beckham Zombie Trap #39; Hackers are trying to trick computer users into downloading damaging software by claiming to have sleazy photographs of football star David Beckham, experts warned today.
Experts Optimistic About Shuttle Flight A group of experts convened by NASA said yesterday that the space shuttle would likely be ready to fly by the currently planned launch date in May or June, but it cautioned that efforts to
Sudan Accuses U.S. Over Darfur Talks Breakdown  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan blamed the United States for the  failure of three weeks of peace talks between Khartoum and  Darfur rebels on Friday, but African Union mediators said  negotiations would resume in October.
Meditation Practice Helping Arthritis Patients By ALEX DOMINGUEZ    BALTIMORE (AP) -- Dalia Isicoff knows pain. A lifelong sufferer of rheumatoid arthritis, she has had seven hip replacement surgeries...
Jabil Circuit Posts Higher Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Contract electronics manufacturer  Jabil Circuit Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a higher quarterly  profit on stronger demand for computers, cellphones and other  electronic products.
Fed Cup all tied up FRANCE #39;S Russian-born Tatiana Golovin left the Fed Cup final hanging in the balance today as she beat Russia #39;s US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-4, 6-1 to level the tie at 2-2 and take it to the final doubles match.
Wen calls for better leadership from party BEIJING - Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao yesterday pledged to improve the leadership of the Communist Party at a time when its popularity is waning.
Ivory Coast Leader's Camp Criticizes Arms Ban  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Supporters of Ivory Coast's President  Laurent Gbagbo criticized on Tuesday a United Nations decision  to impose an arms embargo on the world's top cocoa grower but  rebel leaders welcomed the move.
Bereft Indian pilots leaving Andamans are saluted by air force (AFP) AFP - The Indian air force saluted pilots who rescued hundreds on the remote Nicobar islands despite losing family and colleagues when their base was destroyed by last week's deadly tsunami.
FTC wins a temporary injunction against alleged spammer U.S. District Judge Joseph A. DiClerico Jr. ordered Sanford Wallace and his companies to remove any software scripts from their Web sites that exploit security vulnerabilities in some versions of Internet Explorer.
Final respects paid to Arafat Palestinians pay their last respects to Yasser Arafat after chaotic scenes at his burial in Ramallah.
Some think this metal is golden So many disasters to avoid, so many uncertainties to resolve, no wonder so many investors have been cautious about buying stocks and bonds.
Cast-aside candidates grab onto Sox coattails By Raphael Lewis and Benjamin Gedan, Globe Staff and Globe Correspondent  October 31, 2004. Republican state Senate candidate Rod Jane of Westborough woke up yesterday with a plan to grab some attention from
Browns day after: Week one The Browns started the season on a good note for the first time since 1994, and the win buoys the teams hopes for the near future.
Villeneuve and Sauber With Jacques Villeneuve testing for Renault today at Silverstone there has been the perhaps inevitable speculation that this could change things for next season when Giancarlo Fisichella is due to join Fernando Alonso at Renault F1.
Racing: Jockey Club abandons inquiry into Fallon Kieren Fallon can now look forward to a Christmas of giggling children, mince pies and roaring log fires following the announcement that the Jockey Club have abandoned their inquiry into
Yukos plans to fix itself before auction The Russian oil giant Yukos said yesterday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset in December.
Soy-Fertility Risk Downplayed (WebMD) Eating a diet rich in soy or taking soy supplements probably won #39;t harm a woman #39;s fertility, according to a new study.
WEEK 6: Pregame show hits the road for Seattle-New England Every week, the experts of FOX NFL Sunday will candidly reveal their observations and make their opinions known as they prepare for their top-rated pregame telecast - seen each Sunday at 12 pm ET / 9 am PT.
Arizona State 67, No. 11 Georgia 57 Kylan Loney had five 3s among her 23 points, and Arizona State used 24 turnovers by 11th-ranked Georgia to win 67-57 Tuesday night.
British Minister to Visit North Korea in September The British government has announced plans to send a top Foreign Office representative to North Korea in September. Junior Minister for East Asia Bill Rammell will become the first British minister to visit
Seahawks Looking at Acquiring Jerry Rice (AP) AP - Jerry Rice could be headed north to reunite with Seattle Seahawks coach Mike Holmgren.
New Video of CARE Hostage Released Iraq kidnap victim Margaret Hassan #39;s three sisters, from left to right: Catherine Fitzsimons, Deidre Fitzsimons and Geraldine Fitzsimons make a statement to the media in Dublin Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2004.
U.S. Says N.Korea Blast Probably Not Nuclear  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked North Korea last  week but U.S. and South Korean officials said on Sunday it was  unlikely to have been a nuclear weapons test despite the  appearance of a ""peculiar cloud"" over the area.
RBI hikes repo rate by 25bps The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept the Bank Rate untouched at 6 today, but raised the repo rate by 0.25 to 4.75 effective from tomorrow.
Israeli Army Kills 5 Palestinians in Gaza JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli soldiers on Saturday shot and killed a Hamas militant whom the military said was responsible for a rocket attack that killed two Israeli preschoolers last week and triggered an army offensive in northern Gaza.    Abed Nabhan, 25, was one of five Palestinians killed Saturday in the continuing Israeli operation in northern Gaza...
Stern:  #39;I #39;m tired of censorship #39;; switches channels The local radio galaxy tilted on its axis Wednesday when New York shock jock Howard Stern announced he would abandon the radio dial in 2006 for satellite subscriber radio.
Sharon Says Gaza Evacuation Set for 2005 (AP) AP - Israel's evacuation of the Gaza Strip will begin next summer and will take about 12 weeks, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Wednesday, reversing an earlier decision to speed up the pullout.
Sports: Braves 6 Rockies 4 ATLANTA Mike Hampton hit an RBI single and Atlanta stretched its lead in the NL East by winning its fourth in a row 6-to-4 over Colorado.
Sony, IBM, Toshiba Give Details of 'Cell' Chip (Reuters) Reuters - IBM , Sony Corp. (6758.T) and\Toshiba Corp. (6502.T) on Monday revealed their plans for the\powerful new ""Cell"" processor the three are jointly producing\to run next-generation computers, game consoles and\televisions.
IBM to report on computer security threats IBM on Monday plans to begin releasing a monthly report of threats to computer networks in an effort to establish an indicator similar to the US government #39;s Homeland Security Advisory System.
War crimes hearings to begin for 4 at Guantanamo US NAVAL BASE GUANTANAMO BAY, Cuba -- Four suspected Al Qaeda fighters will be formally charged with war crimes this week as the US military opens the first legal hearings for foreign prisoners captured during the war in Afghanistan and held at a remote US Navy base in Cuba.
Brewers buyer expected to step out of the shadows Monday MILWAUKEE - Paul Attanasio says the story of his brother buying a baseball team is like a script straight out of Hollywood. He should know.
Recording Industry, File-Share Face Off The next chapter in the global legal battle between the recording industry and file-sharing services is due to unfold here Monday when the owners of the hugely popular Kazaa software go on trial on civil copyright infringement charges.
Italian Wins Marathon... US Finishes Second Italian Stefano Baldini has won the men #39;s marathon in a time of 2:10:54. Naturalized American Meb Keflezighi was a surprise runnerup with Brazil #39;s Vanderlei Lima finishing third.
Cisco, Microsoft shake hands on security Cisco and Microsoft have gotten the word: IT managers are tired of constantly plugging security holes in their networks.
Approval Expected for Big Cellphone Deal Federal regulators will formally approve Cingular Wireless #39;s \$41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless today, company officials briefed on the matter said over the weekend.
120m origami birds of peace fall on Thailand About 120 million origami birds were air-dropped over southern Thailand yesterday in an attempt to quell a Muslim insurgency that has led to the deaths of more than 500 people this year.
Business News for Technology Leaders Microsoft Makes Deal with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A  quot;landmark agreement quot; between Microsoft and England #39;s Department of Health to renew the agency #39;s license for desktop products could save it an estimated \$608 million.
Rate hikes by Fed dull ARMs #39; luster 30-year fixed home loans remain appealing, but variable rates have been on the move up. By Sandra Block. If you #39;re hoping an adjustable-rate mortgage will help you afford your dream house, you may want to rethink those granite countertops.
New Fat-Busting Microwave Oven Unveiled  TOKYO (Reuters) - Eyeing up that juicy steak but worried  about your waistline? Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6753.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;6753.T&lt;/A&gt; says it has developed a new fat-busting microwave oven  that can melt some of your worries away.
GM trims earnings projection for year Kicking off what promises to be a dismal round of automotive earnings reports, General Motors yesterday laid out a range of problems that have no ready solutions, from the slowdown in auto-sales growth in China and record-high steel costs to intractable
Olympics: Emotional Zijlaard-van Moorsel defends time trial title ATHENS : Dutch cycling great Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel emotionally defended her Olympic time trial gold medal here.
Air NZ, Qantas alliance appeal Air New Zealand and Qantas Airways have lost their bid to get their proposed alliance approved in New Zealand. New Zealand #39;s High Court declined the airlines #39; appeal against a NZ Commerce Commission decision to block the alliance.
Chinese economy surges 9.5 in first 3 quarters BEIJING: China #39;s economy surged by an impressive 9.5 per cent year-on-year in the first nine months of this year, marginally slower than the 9.7 per cent recorded in the first half of the year, the government said here on Sunday while claiming credit for
SEC Probes United Rentals, Shares Drop  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators are  investigating United Rentals Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=URI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;URI.N&lt;/A&gt; and have subpoenaed  some accounting records, the company said on Monday, sending  its shares down 21.5 percent.
Monsanto Says Justice Dept Closes Inquiry  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Monsanto Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MON.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  the U.S. Justice Department has closed an inquiry into  potential antitrust issues regarding a key ingredient used in  its Roundup herbicide.
Qwest to pay \$250 million to end probe WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Qwest Communications on Thursday said it #39;s agreed to pay \$250 million to end a federal probe of allegedly fraudulent accounting practices used by former executives.
Mamma Search is Buying Copernic Mamma Search is Buying Copernic\\Mamma.com Inc., the paid search company, and Copernic Technologies Inc. announced that Mamma has signed a letter of intent where they will acquire all of the shares of Copernic Technologies for a combination of cash and shares of Mamma.com Inc. The closing of the acquisition will ...
Egypt and Israel sign US trade accord 25 years after peace treaty (AFP) AFP - In a partnership hailed as a major boost to often chilly ties, Egypt and Israel signed a first joint trade accord with the United States since their historic peace treaty 25 years ago.
Update: PeopleSoft board won't negotiate Oracle takeover PeopleSoft executives said over the weekend that they won't discuss a sale to Oracle at a price of \$24 per share but would consider an offer at a higher price.
World Trade Organization holds off on sanctions over US anti &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The World Trade Organization held off Wednesday on approving stiff sanctions on US exports - ranging from cod to mobile homes - intended to punish Washington until it repeals the so-called Byrd amendment.
Colombia reveals plot to assassinate Bush Colombian rebels plotted to assassinate George Bush during his brief stopover in the port of Cartagena last week, according to the country #39;s defence minister.
Kodak, IBM to Make Digital Camera Sensors (AP) AP - Eastman Kodak Co. and International Business Machines Corp. Thursday said they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.
Schwarzenegger Vows to Defend Emissions Law Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers filed suit to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in September.
The Egg Goes to The Plucky Rebels Backup quarterback Robert Lane has 205 total yards with a touchdown pass and a touchdown run in Mississippi's 20-3 win over Mississippi State on Saturday.
Celtic suffer defeat in Ukraine Brazilian Juninho has apologised for his performance in Celtic #39;s demoralising 3-0 Champions League Group F defeat in the Ukraine last night.
Bourdais takes series title MEXICO CITY - Sebastien Bourdais took his first Champ Car World Series title, beating teammate Bruno Junqueira with a flag-to-flag win Sunday in the Mexican Grand Prix.
Fish coasts through Second seed Mardy Fish brushed aside the challenge of qualifier Andres Pedroso with a 6-1 6-2 win in the International Tennis Championships.
Chicken Genome Sheds New Light on Human DNA A new study states that 60 of the genes in chicken have close relations to human DNA. This may not comfort those who frequently eat the creature, but may ponder this the next time they order a batch of chicken wings.
LeapFrog's Greener Pastures (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - If you've ever had the entrepreneurial bug dig its teeth into you, odds are that you might take heart anytime a company's founder steps down and moves on. Granted, sometimes you have instances like Gateway's (NYSE: GTW - News) Ted Waitt and Apple's (Nasdaq: AAPL - News) Steve Jobs in which the originators come back to lead their companies, but that's rarely the case.
Patent case challenges Microsoft #39;s  #39;AutoPlay #39; A federal judge has set a December date for a patent suit challenging  quot;AutoPlay quot; technology included in recent versions of Microsoft Windows.
Agilent Guides Sharply Lower Agilent #39;s (A:NYSE - news - research) fiscal fourth quarter came up light, and the company slashed first-quarter guidance. Blaming a weak chip business, the Palo Alto, Calif.
US Airways to Cut Hundreds of Jobs US Airways Group Inc. plans to eliminate ""hundreds"" of management and nonunion jobs and cut top executives' pay by between 5 and 10 percent.
Second seed Dementieva hammered in New Haven The French Open runner-up, who had progressed to the last four with ease, was completely out of sorts as seventh seed Bovina wrapped up victory in only 56 minutes.
Rummenigge - parise for Bayern coach. (Getty Images) Felix Magath #39;s rigorous new training regime at Bayern Munich has been praised by club chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. Magath #39;s approach had been criticised by some of his players, and Bayern have made a slow
AT T Builds VoIP Alliance (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With its Internet-based phone service well established, AT T (NYSE: T) now is \focusing on establishing common ground among the broad array of technology\providers that help the operator deliver VoIP to businesses and\consumers.
Australia  amp; New Zealand Amphibians such as leopard frogs and salamanders are threatened with extinction as their homes dry up and a new disease spreads, possibly as a result of global warming, according to a new study in Science magazine.
Quincy Carter being released by the Cowboys NEW YORK -- Tim Henman #39;s quarterfinal victory at the US Open was a microcosm of his career - long and brilliant in spurts, with an expected disappointment on the horizon.
U.S.: No Decision Made on Iraq Unit's Fate BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military said Monday no decision had been made on whether to discipline Army reservists who refused a supply mission last week, despite statements from their relatives that the soldiers would be discharged...
Bush Backers in Wisconsin Say He Is Decisive in War (Reuters) Reuters - The Iraq war and concerns about\terrorism may determine the outcome of the upcoming election,\and they appear to have bolstered support for President Bush in\at least one Republican bastion in the swing state of\Wisconsin.
IRS Demands FICA from Chili's Owner  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brinker International Inc. which  operates the Chili's restaurant chain, on Monday said it  received a demand from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service  regarding the company's share of FICA taxes on unreported tips  of \$31.4 million during 2000 to 2002.
US stocks end lower on job data, record high for oil NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- US stocks ended lower Friday as September #39;s weaker-than-expected employment report closed out a week of disappointing economic data, with a new a record high for oil and a lackluster start to the third quarter earning season prompting
Tigers #39; challenge: Win out or lose out Satchel Paige said don #39;t look back because something might be gaining on you. Satch was a baseball pitcher, not a football coach.
GM announces global economic development forums General Motors Corp. said Friday it would host a series of economic development forums around the globe in an effort to share the expertise it has acquired through various local projects.
NFL Preview: Another streak mark looming for Patriots Until the final 11 minutes of the Rams-Seahawks game last week, Seattle #39;s visit to New England this Sunday looked like one of those overhyped matchups labelled  quot;Super Bowl Preview quot; or  quot;Streak-Ender.
UPDATE 1-Jimenez, Garcia, Donald make Langer a happy man Miguel Angel Jimenez and Sergio Garcia warmed up for this month #39;s Ryder Cup with sparkling starts at the European Masters on Thursday.
Hurricane Ivan again growing in strength, Caribbean islands &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Islanders scrambled to put up storm shutters and buy water as hurricane Ivan churned toward Barbados just days after hurricane Frances tore across the Caribbean and through Florida.
Informed and Awaiting a St. Helens Eruption The people who remember the eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980 are not as fearful as they were then, with scientists predicting a less powerful eruption.
AL Capsules Vernon Wells hit a go-ahead, two-run triple off Orlando Hernandez in the seventh inning, and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied past the New York Yankees 5-4 on Wednesday night.
Kerry Vows to Tell Truth as President (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Friday\dismissed the Republican convention as ""bitter and insulting""\and promised to be a U.S. president who would tell Americans\the truth.
KASHMIR LEADER SURVIVES ATTACK The head of Indian Kashmir #39;s main opposition party, Omar Abdullah, has survived a second assassination bid in a month. Police say seven people were injured when rebels detonated a bomb a few steps away from Mr Abdullah, two of them critically.
Crooks slither into Net's shady nooks and crannies (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Organized crime rings and petty thieves are flocking to the Internet like start-ups in the go-go '90s, establishing a multibillion-dollar underground economy in just a few years. The Internet's growth as an economic engine, particularly for financial transactions, is feeding the felonious frenzy.
49ers stake out some dubious turf Their fall to the bottom of the league is complete with an uninspired loss to another very bad team. By Matthew Barrows -- Bee Staff Writer.
Feds Make A Strike Against Spyware Companies WASHINGTON -- In what regulators are calling a first, the federal government has asked for a court order to shut down a spyware operation.
IMF's Rato says US should cut budget deficit (AFP) AFP - The United States should cuts its fiscal and trade deficits, while Europe and Japan should take steps to boost economic growth, IMF managing director Rodrigo Rato revealed.
Hokies to Open ACC Play On Saturday, Virginia Tech finally walks into the football room of that exclusive athletic club known as the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Suicide Car Bomber Hits Baghdad Checkpoint Again (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide car bomber struck an entrance\to Baghdad's Green Zone government compound Tuesday, 24 hours\after an almost identical attack at the same checkpoint on the\first anniversary of Saddam Hussein's arrest.
Toughest athlete is female and unknown You probably haven't heard about one of the toughest endurance sports around: the deca-ironman. That's 38 km swimming, immediately followed by an 1800 km bicycle ride and a 420 km run. Currently, the world record stands at about 187 hours, held by a German housewife. Nobody else has ever finished the course below 192 hours.
Obesity Solution: Nuke It Eying that juicy steak but worried about your waistline? Sharp says it has developed a new fat-busting microwave oven that can melt some of your worries away.
Holiday Shoppers Off to a Fast Start Holiday shoppers spent 10 percent more Friday than they did a year ago, according to early reports, but Wal-Mart Stores Inc. dampened hopes for a strong start to the key retail season by
Tests Show James Died of Heart Attack LOS ANGELES - Toxicology and other tests determined that funk singer Rick James died last month from a heart attack due to an enlarged heart, with numerous drugs including methamphetamine and cocaine contributing factors, the county coroner announced Thursday.    The death was declared an accident, said coroner's spokesman David Campbell, who emphasized that none of the drugs were found to be at life-threatening levels...
Insurance Probe Rattles Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - An investigation into U.S. insurers  and brokers rattled insurance industry stocks for a second day  on Friday as investors, shaken further by subpoenas delivered  to the top U.S. life insurer, struggled to gauge how deep the  probe might reach.
After Being Bounced Around Florida Is Bouncing Back Although the three hurricanes that have hit Florida led to a broad economic slowdown, the glimmerings of a miniboom are already apparent.
Judge: MCI may have violated court order on certain fees NEW YORK A federal judge in Manhattan says MCI may have violated a court order by paying more than 25 (m) million dollars in professional services fees as part of its bankruptcy proceedings in excess of caps on such fees.
Martnez's Effort Lets Boston Fans Take Heart Boston's Pedro Martnez put his past four starts behind him Wednesday night to post a redemptive 8-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels.
England seek first one-day title against surprise package Windies LONDON: England have never won a major international limited-overs title while West Indies World Cup glory days date back to 1975 and 1979.
Nortel to file restated results next year Nortel Networks said today that after months of trying to untangle faulty financial results, it won't file its 2003 and first-half 2004 results until early next year.
Fujitsu Siemens profit grows 60 percent Fujitsu Siemens Computers (Holding) BV, Europe #39;s largest remaining computer manufacturer, posted a 60 percent leap in profit for the first half of its fiscal year on higher sales of laptops and servers to business customers, the company said Wednesday.
Firefox Leaves No Reason to Endure Internet Explorer That should have been said a long time ago. After Microsoft cemented a monopoly of the Web-browser market, it let Internet Explorer go stale, parceling out ho-hum updates that neglected vulnerabilities
GOP Platform Plan Seeks Gay Marriage Ban (AP) AP - Republican leaders are pushing for a constitutional ban on gay marriage in the GOP platform, opening a new point of contention between social conservatives and outnumbered but vocal factions fighting to give the party's statement of principles a more moderate tone.
No. 15 West Virginia, Syracuse battle it out for control of first MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (U-WIRE) -- Syracuse may enter Morgantown, W.Va., for Wednesday #39;s game under different circumstances than Mountaineer fans are used to from the former Big East powerhouse.
Japan's comics retool the art Animation in America once meant Mickey Mouse and Winnie the Pooh. These days, it's just as likely to mean Japanese fighting cyborgs, doe-eyed schoolgirls, and sinister monsters -- thanks in large part to people like John Ledford.
Red Sox ready to end jinx The New York Yankees hold the Curse of the Bambino, the Boston Massacre and their acquisition of Alex Rodriguez in their longstanding dominance over the Red Sox, but recent history suggests changes are coming.
Skybox updates risk management wares BOSTON - New software from Skybox Security will help companies monitor their networks and comply with U.S. federal and state data security regulations, and even help them prepare networks for dangerous new Internet worms, according to the company.
Red Hat appoints head of desktop infrastructure Linux distributor Red Hat Inc has appointed a vice president of desktop infrastructure technologies, a new position demonstrating its renewed commitment to Linux as a desktop operating system.
Contenders can #39;t afford any more mistakes When Nextel Cup leader Kurt Busch was hit by engine failure at Atlanta Motor Speedway and finished 42nd last Sunday, the mishap tightened NASCAR #39;s new 10-race championship format.
Prosecutor: Pacers Players to Be Charged (AP) AP - Indiana Pacers players will be charged for fighting with fans during the Nov. 19 brawl at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons, Oakland County Prosecutor David Gorcyca told The Detroit News.
Taiwan Acknowledges Minister #39;s Improper Wording #39; on Singapore Taiwan Foreign Minister Chen Tan- sun, who dismissed Singapore as a country the size of a booger, #39; #39; regretted his improper wording, #39; #39; said Foreign Ministry spokesman Michel Lu.
Recording Industry Sues 750 Computer Users LOS ANGELES - The recording industry on Thursday filed another round of copyright infringement lawsuits against people it said were illegally distributing songs over the Internet.
Cape Clear, Neon in Web services deal Cape Clear Software and Neon Systems Inc. on Wednesday announced they are working together to integrate their respective technologies and allow users to quickly integrate mainframe applications and data through the use of Web services.
PITCAIRN TRIAL FINDS 5 OF 7 GUILTY The three New Zealand judges presiding over sexual assault cases on Pitcairn Island have handed down their verdicts in Adamstown, finding five of the seven men charged guilty of sex crimes.
Fans put in position of deciding which team comes first Say you #39;re a Raiders fan and the Silver and Black are playing the Broncos in late December. You want Denver to hurt the hurt that only comes with having your hiney handed to you.
Glazer stake in Man Utd nears 30 US tycoon Malcolm Glazer lifts his stake in Manchester Utd to 28.11, one day after spending 17m on  further share buys.
Team Directors Criticize Hamilton Test Procedure Two Spanish cycling team directors have criticized how American Tyler Hamilton #39;s positive test for a blood transfusion was carried out.
Pittsburgh: Where the Unbeaten Go to Die The body blows came in staccato fashion, from the arm of a rookie quarterback and the legs of an old pro. Ben Roethlisberger would give the ball to Jerome Bettis, and Bettis
Chechens Vote for New Leader, 'Bomber' Kills Self  ZNAMENSKOYE, Russia (Reuters) - Chechens voted Sunday for a  new president in a tense election, but many doubted the  Moscow-backed police officer who was set to win would manage to  stamp out rebellion in the turbulent region.
Lebanon PM Resigns, Says Will Not Head New Govt.  BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  resigned Wednesday and said he would not form a new government,  following a widely opposed constitutional change to keep the  Syrian-backed president in office.
Rick Fox Retires Rick Fox retires Thursday, ending a 13-year pro career during which he was part of three NBA championship teams with the Los Angeles Lakers.
SBC Bundles Up for Long Term (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - The lure of bundling services has been hanging over the communications industry for the past six years or so, although many companies have been unable to perfect a winning strategy. Bundling brings together services such as wired (local and long distance) and wireless phone service, Internet access, and satellite or cable television services.
Stewart #39;s Prison Chosen That prison is located in West Virginia which means that she is not headed to a facility in Connecticut or Florida, as she had hoped.
Banks seek court ruling over F1 Three banks go to the High Court in London seeking a ruling which could lead to Bernie Ecclestone losing control of Formula One racing.
COL FB: Tennessee 42, UNLV 17 Freshman Brent Schaeffer threw for one touchdown and ran for another Sunday as the 14th-ranked Tennessee Volunteers defeated the UNLV Rebels, 42-17.
Xstrata Makes a Bid for WMC Resources Swiss mining group Xstrata PLC Monday launched a hostile 7.4 billion Australian dollar (US\$5.8 billion; euro4.4 billion) bid for uranium and copper miner WMC Resources LTD, increasing pressure on the independent Australian miner.
The upper hand: McNabb and Eagles down Vikings Breaking free: Philadelphia quarterback Donovan McNabb pushes away Minnesota cornerback Antoine Winfield before scrambling for more yards in the third quarter Monday night.
Klitschko too good for Williams Vitali Klitschko proved too strong for Danny Williams as he retained his world championship crown in Las Vegas last night. Williams vowed to continue boxing despite being outclassed by Klitschko.
Viruses Aimed at Microsoft Rise Sharply-Symantec &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The number of new viruses and\worms aimed at Microsoft Corp.'s &lt;MSFT.O&gt; ubiquitous Windows\operating system rose 400 percent between January and June from\the same year-earlier period, leading computer security company\Symantec said on Sunday.&lt;/p&gt;
Coke opens its coolers to rival products Coca Cola is to allow other companies #39; products in its shop coolers for the first time. It has agreed the move in a deal with the European Commission to settle a five year competition case.
Microsoft Updates SQL Server 2005 Microsoft today announced the availability of the second Community Technology Preview (CTP) for Microsoft SQL Server 2005 and the technical preview availability of SQL Server 2005 Express Manager, a new, free database management tool.
Kerry's wife paid 798,820 dollars in state, federal taxes in 2003 (AFP) AFP - Teresa Heinz Kerry, wife of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, declared 2,291,137 dollars in gross taxable income in 2003 and paid 798,820 dollars in state and federal taxes, or about 35 percent, her office said in a statement.
Volkswagen #39;s talks with union move forward LONDON, November 2 (newratings.com) - The German automotive giant, Volkswagen AG (VOW.ETR), continued its negotiations with the labour union today on its planned labour cost reductions.
Red Hat opens office in China The Linux firm said it will be collaborating with Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel and Oracle, as well as with Chinese companies.
White House Shifts Its Focus on Climate The administration issued a report indicating that emissions of carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping gases were the only likely explanation for global warming.
Karzai Camp Scents Victory Early in Afghan Poll  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai was on  course on Tuesday for an outright victory in the country's  historic presidential election with almost a quarter of the  votes counted from the poll 10 days ago.
Bombings at Two Buenos Aires Banks Kill 1 (AP) AP - Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
Osaka school killer of 8, yakuza boss executed TOKYO - Mamoru Takuma, convicted for murdering eight children at an Osaka elementary school in 2001, has been executed, informed sources said Tuesday.
Extrasolar Planets: A Matter of Metallicity The 130 extrasolar planets discovered so far are in solar systems very different from our own, in which life-bearing planets like Earth are unlikely to exist. But an obscure characteristic of these planets and their stars has led astronomers to predict that our galaxy is brimming with solar systems like ours. The key to their prediction is something called metallicity.
House OKs Bill Imposing 'Spyware' Fines Companies and others that secretly install ""spyware"" programs on people's computers to quietly monitor their Internet activities would face hefty federal fines under a bill the House passed Tuesday.
UN refugee chief sees Darfur autonomy as way out of crisis NDJAMENA : UN High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers said that Sudan should grant more autonomy to Darfur as he began a visit to address the crisis over the exodus of more than 1.4 million refugees from the troubled region.
Lawmakers give the space agency greater flexibility in its new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; After a year of wrangling over NASA #39;s \$16.2 billion budget, lawmakers have delivered in a big way, giving the space agency its full funding request and unprecedented spending flexibility.
South Africa Intervenes in Ivory Coast South African President Thabo Mbeki flew to Ivory Coast on Tuesday to launch an African effort to rein in four days of violence that have killed at least 20 people, wounded more than 600 and shut down cocoa exports from the world's largest producer.
Cray promotes two execs Ly-Huong Pham becomes the supercomputer maker's senior vice president of operations, and Peter Ungaro is made senior vice president for sales, marketing and services.
UPDATE 1-Juninho on target as Celtic beat Hearts 3-0 Brazilian midfielder Juninho scored his first goal for Celtic in a 3-0 drubbing of Hearts that gave the champions an eight-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premier League on Saturday.
Nikkei up by midmorning; Intel update supports techs TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes rose by midmorning Friday as Intel #39;s higher-than-expected sales forecast listed the Japanese tech sector.
Hynix, Samil Face Sanctions for Bookrigging Hynix Semiconductor, formerly Hyundai Electronics, was engaged in accounting fraud totaling 2 trillion won in 1999, financial regulators reported Monday.
Update 2: Google Says Revenue Growth Is Slowing Shares of Google Inc. slipped in pre-market trading Thursday after the world #39;s most popular Internet search engine warned for the second time in a week that its fourth-quarter revenue growth rate is likely to slow from previous quarters.
NASA Again Postpones Launch of Autonomous DART Spacecraft com Staff. NASA once again postponed the launch of the Demonstration of Autonomous Rendezvous Technology (DART) spacecraft Thursday due to the discovery of contamination inside the fairing of its Pegasus launch vehicle.
Regulator clears Abbey takeover The Financial Services Authority has cleared Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano's 9bn takeover of Abbey National.
Pfizer Hikes Warning on Bextra Skin Risk  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it  is sending additional information to healthcare professionals  about its arthritis drug Bextra, a COX-2 product in the same  class as the withdrawn drug Vioxx.
UPDATE 1-UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide United Parcel Service Inc. (UPS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Menlo Worldwide Forwarding, a unit of CNF Inc. (CNF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , for \$150 million in
Bush Signs Internet Access Tax Ban State and local governments will be barred from taxing connections that link people to the Internet for the next three years under legislation signed Friday by President Bush.
Microsoft Changes Its Tune on Porting SP2 Fixes Microsoft Watch: Redmond had told developers privately earlier this year of plans to port some SP2 fixes to older versions of Windows.
RIAA legal action barely gets a mention SOMETHING INTERESTING HAPPENED in the filesharing world this week, the music industry launched another round of lawsuits against their core user base.
Bush Picks Kellogg CEO for Commerce  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday chose  Carlos Gutierrez, the Cuban-born CEO of Kellogg Co, as his  nominee to be commerce secretary, his second selection of a  Hispanic for a second-term Cabinet.
Jones Advances in Long Jump; Johnson Out ATHENS, Greece - Marion Jones made her Athens debut in virtual anonymity, quietly advancing to the long jump final. Allen Johnson had the attention of everyone in the stadium, for all the wrong reasons...
After the X Prize Just weeks before the historic second flight of SpaceShipOne -- a trip that won him the \$10 million X Prize -- Burt Rutan, the ship's designer and builder, sat down for a chat with Wired magazine. Here's what he said.
Astros 10, Pirates 5 HOUSTON Mike Lamb went four-for-five with a homer and four RB-Is to lead the Houston Astros to their ninth straight win with a 10-to-five victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates today.
Coast Guard Shuts Gulf of Mexico Ports  HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Coast Guard shut five ports on  Wednesday in the Gulf of Mexico coast states of Alabama,  Florida and Mississippi as Hurricane Ivan churned nearer.
McDonald #39;s CEO Charlie Bell devoted working career to McDonald #39;s OAK BROOK, Ill. Cancer has forced Charlie Bell to step down as CEO of the restaurant chain to which he #39;s devoted most of his working career.
EU to Give \$100 Mln for AU Force in Darfur-Solana  ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - The European Union and its member  states will contribute more than \$100 million to an African  Union (AU) force in Sudan's troubled Darfur region, EU foreign  policy chief Javier Solana said on Saturday.
Reeling Pack sends McKenzie to New Orleans Green Bay #39;s front office apparently had seen enough of cornerback Mike McKenzie. His holdout and mystery hamstring injury, which had kept him out of the past
Changes to Nigeria union bill The Nigerian senate passes a bill  to curb the power of the trade unions, but amends the no-strike clause.
Week's delay for Delta launcher Boeing's new heavy-lift Delta 4 rocket must wait a further week before making its maiden flight.
How Deadly Are Scorpions? A Malaysian woman has broken the world record for time spent living in a scorpion-filled box. Nur Malena Hassan, 27, has so far endured 32 days in a glass case with 6,069 scorpions; she
Straw: No British troops to Darfur British Foreign Minister Jack Straw said his country does not plan to deploy forces to Darfur in western Sudan but will provide technical assistance.
Restive Maldives eases curfew after rounding up dissidents (AFP) AFP - A curfew in the capital of the Maldives was eased but parliament sessions were put off indefinitely and emergency rule continued following last week's riots, officials and residents said.
Before the Bell - ESS Technology drops 4.4 pct Shares of ESS Technology (ESST.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , a maker of computer chips for DVD equipment, fell 4.4 percent in premarket trading on Monday after the company lowered its third-quarter revenue and earnings
Open Source Ingres Swings At Oracle, SQL Server The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Not SQL-type competition.
3 police officials charged over Beslan siege ROSTOV-ON-DON, RUSSIA - Three Russian police officers have been charged with criminal negligence in connection with the Beslan school hostage-taking that left 360 people dead, almost half of them children.
union halts vote on grocers #39; offer Members of the grocery workers union will continue to meet to discuss the final contract proposal from King Soopers, Safeway and Albertsons following a surprise decision by the international union to halt voting on the offers.
Grid bids to save the world Hoping to harness a few million of the personal computers not already running the SETIhome screensaver, IBM and United Devices yesterday launched the World Community Grid to act as a clearing house for humanitarian IT projects.
CE giants  #39;readying Blu-ray camcorders #39; Sony, Sharp and Matsushita plan to offer camcorders based on a cut-down version of the Blu-ray Disc, and could announce product as early as next year.
American Economist Expected to Win Nobel (AP) AP - Americans have dominated the annual Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences five years running, and it may not surprise Nobel watchers if the trend continues.
Samsung plans to invest Won25,000bn in chips Samsung Electronics, the world #39;s second largest computer chip manufacturer, yesterday said that it would invest Won25,000bn (\$24bn) in its semiconductor business by 2010 to generate
Dutch mulling limits on freedom of expression Many Dutch decision-makers wondering whether reactions, particularly criticism of Muslims, did not go too far. By Isabelle Wesselingh - THE HAGUE.
Sole Survivor Making sneakers in America is so yesterday. How can New Balance do it -- and still thrive?
Dominicans' Swift Step Into Crisis SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic -- When Sandro Batista smashed his banana truck into a tree in April, leaving him with two hideously shattered legs and a broken arm, his orthopedic surgeon sent his sister shopping.
Drastic UAL cuts United Airlines, trying to further pare costs so it can emerge from bankruptcy, said Thursday it is seeking about \$725 million in annual savings through proposed pay
Report: Gretzky pondering a move to coaching Mesa, AZ (Sports Network) - Phoenix Coyotes managing partner Wayne Gretzky is considering a move into the coaching ranks, according to a published report.
Tennessee's Johnson Suspended for Gun (AP) AP - Tennessee starting safety Brandon Johnson was suspended indefinitely because he fired a gun into the air near campus.
Explosion in southern Italy kills eight, gas leak possible cause FOGGIA, Italy Eight people have been killed in an explosion that leveled a two-story apartment building in southern Italy. Firefighters are investigating whether a gas leak is to blame.
Final edition for a respected Asian newsweekly HONG KONG The Far Eastern Economic Review, an often incisive newsweekly for more than half a century, will become a monthly opinion magazine in December, and virtually all of its employees will lose their jobs, Dow Jones announced on Thursday.
Clarke takes charge of Blunkett's Fear Agenda &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Horizontal drinkers rejoice
Top Court Upholds Visa, MasterCard Ruling  WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Monday  let stand a ruling that the Visa and MasterCard credit card  associations violated U.S. antitrust law by barring member  banks from issuing credit and charge cards on rival networks  owned by American Express Co. and Morgan Stanley.
Australia to Relocate Embassy in Baghdad (AP) AP - The Australian embassy in Baghdad is to be moved into the strife-torn city's heavily fortified Green Zone, the government said Tuesday.
PSG lead race for second Group H berth Such has been Chelsea #39;s dominance of their Champions League group that the other three teams including holders Porto are still all vying for a place in the knockout stage going into their final games next month.
Brown in line after Livingston sack Preston LIVINGSTON have sacked Allan Preston as manager. The former Hearts and St Johnstone defender and his assistant, Alan Kernaghan, were dismissed after a run of seven defeats left the club
Problem device bypassed trials The catheter that triggered three safety recalls by Boston Scientific Corp. of its best-selling Taxus coronary stent after being linked to three deaths and 47 injuries had not been subjected to the rigors of a human clinical trial, FDA records show.
Earthquakes Shake Central Japan; Bullet Train Resumed (Update4) A series of earthquakes shook central Japan in Niigata prefecture, where quakes that began last month have killed more than 30 people.
Fiat seeks pact in row with GM Fiat and General Motors are to hold more talks to solve their differences over  the future of the Italian firm's loss-making auto group, Fiat says.
Tom Ridge sets all-age record in winning World Trotting Derby Tom Ridge set an all-age record of 1 minute 50.2 seconds in winning the \$530,000 World Trotting Derby at the DuQuoin (Ill.) State Fair yesterday.
Poutiainen Wins But Plays Down Cup Hopes Finland #39;s Tanja Poutiainen snatched back the women #39;s World Cup lead with her third victory of the Alpine ski season on Sunday but played down her chances of winning the overall title.
China launches science satellite China launched an experimental satellite into orbit Sunday, atop a Long March 2C carrier rocket; reported Xinhua, China #39;s government-run news agency.
GM, Daimler Go Green Team-up will help the companies compete and fill gaps in both firms' portfolios.
Israel Kills Two Hamas Militants After Renewed Threat Israeli air strikes killed two Hamas militants in Gaza on Thursday just after the Islamic group renewed its threats to continue rocket attacks against Israelis despite a massive army offensive aimed at stopping them.
Regulators Let Cingular Buy AT amp;T Wireless The \$41 billion merger between Cingular Wireless LLC and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. won approval from the Federal Communications Commission yesterday, according to federal sources close to
Today's schedule Pro baseball: AL Division Series -- Anaheim vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park (Game 3), 4 p.m.
Mortaza strikes to lead superb Bangladesh rally Paceman Mashrafe Mortaza claimed two prize scalps, including Sachin Tendulkar with the day #39;s first ball, to lead a Bangladesh fightback in the second and final test against India on Saturday.
Late collapse costs Park a victory Grace Park was bitterly disappointed after failing to produce her second LPGA title of the season Sunday at the Samsung World Championship at Big Horn Golf Course in Palm Desert, California.
Pew Weblog Statistics \\Interesting data  this morning (thanks Dan ) on weblogs:\\""Blog readership shoots up 58 in 2004 6 million Americans get news and\information fed to them through RSS aggregators But 62 of online Americans do\not know what a blog is""\\Read the PDF  for more stats (man I hate PDF).\\""27 of internet users say they read blogs, a 58 jump from the 17 who told us\they were blog readers in February. This means that by the end of 2004 32\million Americans were blog readers. Much of the attention to blogs focused on\those that covered the recent political campaign and the media. And at least\some of the overall growth in blog readership is attributable to political\blogs. Some 9 of internet users ...\\
Paper says Merck hid data on Vioxx WHITEHOUSE STATION, NJ - Shares of Merck  amp; Co. plunged nearly 10 percent Monday after a media report said documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx causes heart problems.
Comcast Profit Falls Short of Forecasts Comcast Corp. (CMCSA.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US cable operator, on Wednesday posted a quarterly profit that fell short of Wall Street forecasts but reported better-than
Newcastle held to draw by Charlton London, England (Sports Network) - Charlton continued its strong play at home by coming from behind to tie Newcastle Sunday, 1-1. Alan Curbishley #39;s team is now unbeaten at The Valley in five matches this season, winning three times.
Winslow, McAllister, Maddox Among Injured (AP) AP - The rookie season of Cleveland Browns tight end Kellen Winslow Jr. may have ended after just two games.
Chip shots NO LONG GAME: It had figured to be a whirlwind tour for John Daly -- from Germany to the Deutsche Bank Championship in our neck of the woods, then onward to the other side of the world to defend his Korean Open title. But his late commitment to the Deutsche Bank and the unusual Monday finish apparently wore him out. ...
Plant a tree at Easter urges Nobel laureate world to plant trees at Easter as a symbol of renewal and to protect the planet. planted, quot; Maathai told Reuters Television in Oslo, where she received the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize.
Microsoft intros new mice, keyboards Microsoft announced on Wednesday five new mice and keyboards: Wireless Optical Desktop, which comes with a wireless mouse and keyboard; Wireless Notebook Optical Mouse; Digital Media Pro Keyboard; and Standard Wireless Optical Mouse.
Anniversary remembered on game day When the attacks came on Sept. 11, 2001, Tom O'Brien, if only for a moment, stopped being Boston College's coach. On that day, as the World Trade Center and Pentagon smoldered and the world stood still, O'Brien was a Navy man.
MOTOR RACING: FERRARI IN TALK FURY FERRARI are to snub crucial talks at Heathrow today aimed at revolutionising Grand Prix racing. The Italian giants are the only team blocking radical changes that could save the leading outfits
Stronger Sales Boost JC Penney Earnings (Reuters) Reuters - Department store operator J.C. Penney\Co. Inc.  on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose 86.3\percent, helped by stronger sales and fewer markdowns.
Yahoo Battles Google for The Cell Phone Yahoo added a search feature for cell phones Wednesday, just a few weeks after rival Google launched one of its own. While Google SMS (Short Message Service) uses text-only messages to deliver its results, Yahoo #39;s
Thai PM to Address Nation as More Bombs Hit South  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Bomb blasts rocked southern  Thailand on Friday hours before Thai Prime Minister Thaksin  Shinawatra was to address the nation as he faces his worst  crisis following the deaths of 85 Muslim protesters. A second  bomb exploded at a busy food stall in Yala province on Friday,  wounding nine bomb squad members who had arrived to investigate  an earlier blast that wounded three people, including one  policeman, hospital officials said.
Iraqi president on visit to Kuwait KUWAIT CITY - Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar arrived in Kuwait on Saturday for a two-day official visit, an AFP correspondent reported.
U.N.: N.Korea Sends Positive Message on Nuke Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea gave a visiting U.N. official  a ""very positive message"" about resuming stalled six-way talks  on its nuclear programs, the South Korean Unification Ministry  said Wednesday.
Giants Hold On to Warner Eli Manning, sleepy-eyed and tousled-haired, dropped off his playbook at his locker Thursday. Four television crews swarmed around him.
Legendary all-rounder Miller dies Keith Miller, arguably Australia's greatest  all-rounder in Test cricket, has died in Melbourne aged 84.
Yanks beat Pedro again; Santana wins 20th All the Boston Red Sox got from Pedro Martinez this week was a pair of losses to the Yankees. The AL Central-champion Twins drank a champagne toast to Santana after he became the second 20-game winner in the
Dyke reopens WMD row Former BBC chief Greg Dyke has reopened the row over Tony Blair #39;s decision to go to war with Iraq. Dyke was forced to resign from his post, along with former BBC chairman Gavyn Davies, last January after Lord
Scandal won #39;t go away ATHENS -- It was telling yesterday that the majority of the dozens of journalists who asked questions and attended a news conference into a Greek doping scandal were mostly Canadian. Question after question came from Canadians. We were all there, I think, ...
Soldiers' War Blogs Detail Life in Iraq Iraq war blogs are as varied as the soldiers who write them. Some sites feature practical news, war pictures and advice. Some are overtly political, with more slanting to the right than to the left. Some question the war, some cheer it.
China at G-7 Meeting for First Time China made its debut last night in the club of the world's leading economic powers, asinternational pressure mounts to change a decade-old currency peg that critics accuse of giving Chinese products an unfair competitive edge.
Companies Moving Cautiously on Microsoft #39;s SP2 Update  quot;Whether companies roll out Windows XP immediately or replace their older operating systems with Windows XP when purchasing new PCs, companies now have to ensure XP SP2 compliancy by determining
Busch Wins Pole for Season-Ending Race Pressure? What pressure? Kurt Busch, last in the qualifying line and first in the NASCAR Nextel Cup points, waited out 54 other drivers Friday and then won the pole for the season-ending Ford 400, which will determine the 2004 champion.
Nokia to unify smartphone software AMSTERDAM: Nokia, the world #39;s biggest mobile phone maker, said on Wednesday it will create a single software platform for smart mobile phones that double as TVs, MP3 players, radios and e-mail devices.
Hartford Sees \$91 Mln in Charley Losses  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HIG.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday became the latest insurer to issue a profit  warning tied to Hurricane Charley, the strongest storm to hit  Florida in a dozen years.
Jaret Wright back in the postseason spotlight with Braves Jaret Wright couldn #39;t get much lower: Waived by a last-place team, he stood outside Houston #39;s Minute Maid Park with his luggage stacked beside him, waiting for a cab that would take him to the airport.
Steelers Downgrade Staley From Probable (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Steelers running back Duce Staley was downgraded Saturday from probable to questionable for Sunday's game against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Time Warner, SEC near deal on AOL troubles The Securities and Exchange Commission and Time Warner Inc. are nearing agreement on a deal in which the media giant would pay about \$750 million to settle wide-ranging allegations
Iran official warns of NPT pull-out if West presses Iran will pull out of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and develop its atomic programme in secret if Western nations threaten or put pressure on Tehran, a senior Iran diplomat was quoted as saying on Wednesday.
Nets 96, Bobcats 89 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - In some ways, the New Jersey Nets are searching for an identity as much as the expansion Charlotte Bobcats. It #39;s the price of being dismantled in the offseason.
UPDATE 2-UK #39;s Linx drops ITW offer after Danaher steams in British company Linx Printing Technologies Plc (LPT.L: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped its backing for an earlier takeover offer on Wednesday after US firm Danaher Corp (DHR.
iTunes now selling Band Aid song IPod owners can download the Band Aid single after Apple reaches agreement with the charity.
Apple Tops in Customer Satisfaction Dell comes in a close second, while Gateway shows improvement, study says.
Deadly fire sweeps through China mines SHAHE, CHINA - Nine people were confirmed dead and 57 remained missing late Sunday after a fire swept through five iron ore mines in northern China, the Xinhau news agency said.
Transport strike hits Netherlands Public transport grinds to a halt in the Netherlands as workers strike against the government's planned welfare cuts.
Thai minister says zoo #39;s illegal orangutans to be moved JAKARTA/BANGKOK (DPA): Thailand, under growing pressure to repatriate some 100 orangutans allegedly smuggled into the country from Indonesia, plans to shift the apes from a private zoo to a safe centre, probably in Chiang Mai, a minister said on Thursday.
Ukraine opposition seeks legal changes KIEV -- Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko yesterday pressed for the prime minister's removal from office, dismissal of electoral officials, and new legislation to guard against fraud in a new presidential runoff, warning that his supporters would continue to blockade government offices until outgoing President Leonid D. Kuchma meets those demands.
A Taste of Yum! Wins the World Over Strong international sales growth and solid U.S. comps propel the company's stock to its highest price ever.
D.C. to Face K.C. for MLS Championship (AP) AP - Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups  #151; he liked the first a lot better  #151; and gets another crack at the championship this year. The rookie coach will guide D.C. United in Sunday's title game against Kansas City.
Ford Down, Nissan Up in September Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; posted its fourth  consecutive month of weaker U.S. sales with a 7 percent drop in  September results on Friday, and the automaker doubled its  incentives on some models to kick-start sales this month.
Conn. Man, 70, Oldest to Swim Channel LONDON - A retired Connecticut pilot has become the oldest person to swim the English Channel. George Brunstad, 70, left Dover, England, Saturday morning heading for the French Coast...
A mixed economic bag in July Factory orders in July for costly manufactured goods recorded the biggest gain in four months. New home sales, meanwhile, slid, according to a pair of reports
GAME UNDER FIRE Attacking police officers, racial slurs, bloody beatings of innocent bystanders ... is it really just a game? In four and a half minutes, 14-year-old Ryan Mason ran over a police officer, stole his gun and shot and killed three innocent bystanders.
SCHUMER  #39;RETURNS #39; FIRE AT RETAILERS Sen. Charles Schumer yesterday criticized retail grinches who are stealing Christmas by blacklisting customers who return too many gifts.
Lowe finally is a go How fitting. Down, three games to none, their season on its deathbed, the Red Sox now have to pitch Derek Lowe.
Protesters Harry Israel Parliament Before Gaza Vote  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Thousands of rightist Israelis  accused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of treason Tuesday as  parliament looked set to approve the first pullout of settlers  from occupied land Palestinians want as part of a future state.
FBI Interviews Halliburton Whistleblower Bunnatine Greenhouse, chief contracting officer of the Army Corps of Engineers, is seen in her official undated government photo. FBI agents recently spent a day interviewing Greenhouse, the Army contracting
Linksys, Netgear prep soho VoIP kit WLAN kit makers Linksys and Netgear have rolled out consumer and small-business oriented wireless access points with integrated Voice over IP (VoIP) support.
Producer sues for Rings profits Hollywood producer Saul Zaentz sues the producers of The Lord of the Rings for \$20m in royalties.
Italy and Libya move on migrants Italy's Interior Minister visits Libya to pave the way for joint efforts to curb illegal immigration into the EU.
More Older People Turning to the Internet to Find Love Mary Bellis Waller, now 64, posted on two Internet dating sites during her search for a companion. Waller was a pioneer of online dating among people her age, and thousands of others age 60 and older are also turning to the Internet to find romance.
Sneaky Sharing (PC World) PC World - Despite well-publicized wins by piracy foes, illegal digital music and movie trading continues to flourish in underground havens.
Eagles remain unbeaten David Akers kicked a 50-yard field goal in overtime to help the Eagles to a 34-to-31 victory over the Cleveland Browns. Donovan McNabb matched a career high with four touchdown passes.
UConn passes first test Dan Orlovsky threw for 382 yards and tied his school record with five touchdown passes to lead Connecticut to a 52-14 win over Murray State yesterday in East Hartford.
Envoys off to inspect NK blast site A group of foreign diplomats has left Pyongyang on Thursday to visit the scene of a mysterious explosion in North Korea.  quot;They went today.
New Report Links Reputed Kingpin to Murder Fifteen years ago, American journalist Todd Smith was brutally beaten and executed after he ventured into Peru's jungle to investigate links between Shining Path guerrillas and the cocaine trade.
Blair heads to Hungary for summit Tony Blair is to address leaders at conference of centre-left leaders in Hungarian capital Budapest.
C #39;s open with dang: Squander 18-point lead in loss to Sixers This is getting monotonous. For the second straight night, a candidate from Boston was looking good after some exit polling, but when the last points/votes were counted, the opponent had the plurality.
Former Banker Quattrone Faces Sentencing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Frank Quattrone, a former star  investment banker who once earned \$120 million in a year, will  be sentenced on Wednesday for obstructing a federal  investigation into some of the most popular stock offerings of  the 1990s.
Pension Agency Raises Top Annual Benefit 2.8  The federal agency that protects private sector pension plans announced yesterday that the maximum annual benefit for plans taken over in 2005 will be \$45,614 for workers who wait until age 65 to retire.
Bill Clinton Helps Launch Search Engine Former president Bill Clinton on Monday helped launch a new Internet search company backed by the Chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than Google Inc.
Finley to Remain in Southern Calif., with Angels  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels have  reportedly agreed to a contract with veteran free-agent  outfielder Steve Finley.
Living legends left their marks PASADENA, Calif. -- The first football meeting between Michigan and Texas in yesterday's Rose Bowl brought together two coaching legends -- Bo Schembechler and Darrell Royal .
South Korea planning huge spending to revive economy: report (AFP) AFP - The South Korean government is preparing a huge  quot;New Deal quot; spending package in the next few years to revive the country's sagging economy, Yonhap news agency said.
Dino sucked in prey with its giraffe neck The fossil of a sea reptile with a neck twice as long as its body is solving the mystery of how some ancient reptiles used such unusually long appendages.
Turkey is put on track for EU membership BRUSSELS -- In a historic move that could extend Europe's borders to the edge of the volatile Middle East, the European Union recommended yesterday setting mostly Muslim Turkey on a course for full membership in the prosperous 25-nation bloc.
Update 1: Ex-Ahold CEO Says He #39;s Settled With SEC Global grocery retailer Ahold NV and its former chief executive have reached settlements with the US Securities and Exchange Commission over charges related to a \$1 billion overstatement of earnings, they said Wednesday.
Vonage Calls on Linksys for VoIP (PC World) PC World - Linksys will provide broadband-to-phone adapters and, eventually, Wi-Fi equipment.
Transparent Search a Snap SAN FRANCISCO -- A new company launched by dotcom survivor idealab aims to take a chunk out of the search market by letting users slice and dice their search results.
It takes 6 Gators to match Bowden There is no shortage of ways to measure Bobby Bowden #39;s stellar career as Florida State #39;s football coach. There are the 277 of his Division IA leading 350 wins here, which is
A Better Solution for Israel The hysterical tone of Daniel Seidemann #39;s plea to the next US administration to save Israel from itself serves no useful purpose op-ed, Aug. 26.
Exhausted Massu Outlasts Fish for Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - An exhausted Nicolas Massu reeled in  Mardy Fish in five tortuous sets on Sunday to win Chile their  second gold medal at an Olympic Games less than 24 hours after  helping them to their first.
Singh rules world that is yet to embrace him On Monday, the newly crowned No. 1 walked into a room to face the world #39;s golfing media, having just shot down Tiger Woods in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship near Boston.
Sign off, then sign in  G. Michael Caggiano Jr. lies awake at night thinking about bank signs. He ponders them during breakfast, while brushing his teeth, and  quot;constantly quot; during the day, he says.
Jet lands in UK after bomb alert An Olympic Airlines flight on its way from Athens to New York is diverted to Stansted Airport after a security alert.
Symantec adds threat data to Managed Security Services SAN FRANCISCO - In a bid to expand its services business, Symantec Corp. next week plans to start selling security intelligence data as an add-on to its Managed Security Services.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?"" width=""1"" height=""1"" border=""0""/&gt;&lt;a href=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714255;9651165;g?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730403idlp""&gt;SBC Datacomm White Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Find out how Crate   Barrel expects to save \$180,000 by moving to VoIP, compared to a traditional PBX.&lt;/p&gt;
Sharon Seeks Wider Government to Save Gaza Pullout Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  launched new efforts on Tuesday to widen his shaky coalition  after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his  plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.
Report: Intel Logs Big Gains In Flash Market Intel #39;s share of the booming flash market jumped 40.8 percent in the second quarter, according to market-research firm iSuppli Corp.
UN divided over Darfur measures On the eve of a high-profile UN Security Council visit to Nairobi, members are split over a draft resolution on atrocities in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region.
Viagra bought online 'often fake' Half of Viagra tablets sold on the Internet are fake, research suggests.
Ryanair agrees to repay 4M in an escrow account for the Walloon &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; vueling writes  quot;Ryanair confirmed it had written to the Walloon authorities and agreed to repay 4M in an escrow account until Ryanairs appeal is heard and the European Courts make a definitive decision on this matter.
Travelocity Says Speed Is the Ticket For Growth Sam Gilliand, the chief executive of Travelocity, talks about the online travel industry, the Cendant-Orbitz merger and the woes of the airline industry.
Sistani Urges Supporters to Wait at Najaf Gates  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's top Shi'ite cleric Grand  Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani urged his supporters converging on  Najaf on Thursday not to enter the battered holy city until he  arrived, a senior aide said.
Stocks Open Lower; Inflation Data Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Tuesday  after a government report showing a much larger-than-expected  rise in U.S. producer prices in October raised inflation  concerns.
NFL Game Summary - San Diego At Atlanta Atlanta, GA -- Michael Vick ran for a score and threw a touchdown pass in the fourth quarter, as Atlanta rallied to defeat San Diego, 21-20, at the Georgia Dome.
Berlin ties Miami mark RALEIGH, N.C. -- Brock Berlin tied a Miami record shared by Bernie Kosar, Steve Walsh, and Ken Dorsey with five touchdown passes, and Devin Hester returned the opening kickoff 100 yards for another score, helping the No. 4 Hurricanes hold off North Carolina State, 45-31, last night.
Knicks Hold Off Raptors, 108-102 New York Knicks #39; Jamal Crawford puts up a shot against the Toronto Raptors during the second quarter Saturday, Nov. 27, 2004. Crawford scored 30 points in the Knicks #39; 108-102 win.
Protesters greet Taiwan president during brief visit Tensions between Taiwan and China landed on Seattle #39;s doorstep last night when Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian visited Seattle under tight security, greeted by demonstrators both for and against Taiwan independence.
FOAFKey: FOAF, PGP, Key Distribution, and Bloom Filters \\FOAF/LOAF  and bloom filters have a lot of interesting properties for social\network and whitelist distribution.\\I think we can go one level higher though and include GPG/OpenPGP key\fingerpring distribution in the FOAF file for simple web-of-trust based key\distribution.\\What if we used FOAF and included the PGP key fingerprint(s) for identities?\This could mean a lot.  You include the PGP key fingerprints within the FOAF\file of your direct friends and then include a bloom filter of the PGP key\fingerprints of your entire whitelist (the source FOAF file would of course need\to be encrypted ).\\Your whitelist would be populated from the social network as your client\discovered new identit ...\\
Ballots Pour Into Afghan Counting Centers KABUL, Afghanistan - Ballot boxes poured into counting centers Monday for a tally of the disputed presidential election in Afghanistan amid signs an opposition boycott was wavering after at least two candidates agreed to accept the ruling of an independent panel's inquiry.    Election organizers hope their decision, announced late Sunday, to establish a panel of about three foreign election experts to investigate the balloting will end the boycott, which many fear could seriously undermine the winner's ability to rule this war-ravaged nation...
Sun to shine spotlight on new operating system, Solaris 10 Sun Microsystems SUNW is expected to release a new version of its operating system today - a big part of the struggling computer maker #39;s plan to save itself.
Israeli army set to unveil stink bomb JERUSALEM: The Israeli army is set to unveil a new weapon designed to get under the noses of Palestinians - a massive stink bomb. A report in the Maariv daily on Wednesday said that the military, which has
REVIEW: 'Half-Life 2' a Tech Masterpiece (AP) AP - It's been six years since Valve Corp. perfected the first-person shooter with ""Half-Life."" Video games have come a long way since, with better graphics and more options than ever. Still, relatively few games have mustered this one's memorable characters and original science fiction story.
P G Backs Profit Forecast, Shares Down (Reuters) Reuters - Procter   Gamble Co.  on Thursday\backed its quarterly profit outlook, helped by sales of new\products and continued gains in developing markets.
Alaskan pipeline has hurdles Energy companies planning a \$20 billion gas pipeline to US consuming markets from Alaska welcomed new federal loan guarantees but cautioned Tuesday that other issues must be resolved before the huge project proceeds.
A Check on Bad Banking Habits Are you used to getting a fat envelope from your bank with all your canceled checks? Well, soon those checks may not be in the mail.
Shanghai Readies for Rockets-Kings Game (AP) AP - Built in the days of Mao Zedong's 1966-76 Cultural Revolution, Shanghai's rundown city gymnasium is getting the full NBA treatment for next month's exhibition game between the Sacramento Kings and the Houston Rockets.
Brown, Fratello and Grizzlies all come out ahead Hubie Brown, 71, got to retire as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies of own volition, drawing accolades for transforming a franchise that never won more than 23 games into a 50-victory team in less than two seasons.
Sharon faces Netanyahu challenge Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has received a surprise challenge to his plan to expedite a pullout from Gaza after Benjamin Netanyahu, his main rival in the Likud party, called for a referendum on the issue.
Productivity Growth Slowest in 2 Years (AP) AP - The productivity of America's workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported Tuesday.
Cisco, Microsoft in security showdown Cisco Systems and Microsoft are headed for a collision over network security, with customers caught in the middle. The two companies have each proposed competing  quot;end to end quot; security architectures, marking
Panel: U.S. Must Diversify Oil Supplies  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States must  diversify  its global oil supplies, expand a world network of strategic  petroleum reserves and raise fuel efficiency standards to  ensure its energy security, a panel of experts will recommend  on Wednesday.
Goosen takes lead in the BMW Open Retief Goosen, a two-time US Open champion, grabbed the first-round lead in the BMW Open in Nord Eichenried, Germany, with a 6-under-par 66, while Colin Montgomerie improved his European Ryder Cup chances by finishing one stroke back on Thursday.
Putin ready to probe other oil companies Russian President Vladimir Putin is ready to go after other oil companies the way he has hammered Yukos, a top Kremlin official has said.
Britain awaits results of N.Korea blast fact-finding trip (AFP) AFP - Britain is awaiting the findings from a technical analysis of what a group of diplomats saw at the site of a huge explosion in North Korea last week, Britain's minister for East Asia said.
Indonesian police release video tape of embassy blast Indonesian police have released video footage of the explosion outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta. At the same time they say there is no evidence to support the Australian Foreign Minister #39;s claim that
Wiretaps may mute Nextel rivals Fed up with technical excuses, FBI wants carriers to support eavesdropping capabilities for push-to-talk technology now.
HP Profit Tops Lowered Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co.  on\Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered\expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record\revenues in every business and every region.
Stock Futures Flat Before GDP, Fed Speech  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures were nearly  unchanged on Friday as investors awaited key data on the  economy that could determine the market's early direction.
Japan to Protest to China Over Intruder Submarine  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will protest to China after  concluding that a nuclear-powered submarine that intruded into  its waters this week belonged to the Chinese navy, top  government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said on Friday.
Ohio State Bomb Dogs Irk Michigan Coach (AP) AP - The intense rivalry between Ohio State and Michigan has gone to the dogs  #151; bomb-sniffing ones.
President Hu congratulates Sihamoni on becoming king of Cambodia Chinese President Hu Jintao sent a message to Norodom Sihamoni on Thursday to congratulate him on his election as the king of Cambodia.
Spurs 88, 76ers 80 The Philadelphia 76ers got a firsthand demonstration of why Tim Duncan might be the toughest player in the NBA to defend. Duncan scored a season-high 34 points and grabbed 13 rebounds to lead the Spurs to
Tributes flood in for Nicholson Former Tottenham captain Dave Mackay has led the tributes to legendary former Spurs manager Bill Nicholson, who passed away on Saturday aged 85.
May have been transmitted between humans- report Thailand confirmed its second death from bird flu Tuesday, and said the fatal case might have been transmitted by a human victim rather than a bird, according to published report.
Musharraf meets Pope John Paul Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf met Pope John Paul II, who urged him to adopt a  quot;spirit of dialogue and tolerance quot; in his region.
Athletics 5, Devil Rays 0 Barry Zito scattered four hits over eight shutout innings, leading the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 5-0 on Saturday night.
Guilty Plea Seen in Computer Associates Case Steven Woghin, the former general counsel of Computer Associates, will plead guilty to criminal charges.
Supreme Court turns down  #39;Do Not Call #39; case SUPREME COURT - The Supreme Court is refusing to hear a challenge to the federal do-not-call telephone registry. Telemarketers have been trying to invoke free-speech rights to do away with the ban on unwanted phone solicitations.
Crazy Like a Firefox Today, the Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox browser officially launched -- welcome, version 1.0. In a way, it #39;s much ado about nothing, seeing how it wasn #39;t that long ago that we reported on how Mozilla had set
Walking link to low dementia risk Walking may protect the elderly from developing dementia, research suggests.
Oil Tip-Toes Higher, Watches Stocks, OPEC (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices edged higher for the\second day in a row on Tuesday amid calls within OPEC to crack\down on excess output at this week's meeting.
3 Giants Contest Fines Over Team Meetings (AP) AP - Three New York Giants have filed complaints with the NFL Players Association after being fined by coach Tom Coughlin for not being ""early enough"" to team meetings.
BBC 'must keep up' BBC boss Mark Thompson says the corporation must keep up with change, after announcing nearly 3,000 job cuts.
It #39;s About Time Sox Became The Champs  And Real Rivals Finally. the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox have a bona fide rivalry. Please don #39;t assume that this belongs on the sports pages.
Ali gives Iraq fighting chance The back of his shirt told the story last night at the Peristeri Olympic Boxing Hall.
AMD Sheds Light on Dual-Core Plans Upcoming Opteron chips will occupy the same space as single-core models.
Livewire: Fantasy Sports Leagues Thrive Online (Reuters) Reuters - Take 15 million armchair athletes,\add a steady stream of statistics and mix in a healthy dollop\of trash talk. Post it all on the Internet and you've got a  #36;3\billion industry built around imaginary sports teams.
AOL Dumping Some Broadband unsupported writes  quot;Just days after news that AOL will be breaking up into 4 business units, AOL is telling existing broadband customers in 9 Southern states to find a new carrier.
Russia shrugs off US court freeze on oil giant Yukos auction MOSCOW (AFP) - Russia forged ahead with the weekend auction of the core asset of crippled oil giant Yukos despite a disputed US court order barring the sale, with state-controlled gas giant Gazprom entering the bidding.
Wrigley to Buy Life Savers, Altoids  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WWY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WWY.N&lt;/A&gt; is buying  the Life Savers and Altoids candy and mint businesses from  Kraft Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KFT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KFT.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$1.48 billion in cash, the  companies said on Monday.
Growing auto losses cloud Ford #39;s outlook Ford Motor Co. swung to a third-quarter profit, but losses at the automakers global automotive operations widened, underscoring the difficulty Ford still faces
U.S. Bishops Reviewing Sex Abuse Policy The nation's Roman Catholic bishops said Friday they will spend the next nine months deciding whether to make any changes in the policy they enacted at the height of the clergy sex abuse crisis that includes permanently barring guilty priests from church work.    The review was mandated in the ""Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People,"" the document the bishops adopted at an emotional June 2002 assembly in Dallas...
Subsidy ruling a sweet victory for sugar producers The Federal Government has hailed a World Trade Organisation ruling that European subsidies for sugar producers are in breach of international trade rules.
49ers tickets are available Since just before the start of the NFL #39;s regular season two months ago, television viewers in the Bay Area have been seeing commercials for a product that for years has sold itself.
Dell Exits Low-End China Consumer PC Market  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;DELL.O&gt;, the world's  largest PC maker, said on Monday it has left the low-end  consumer PC market in China and cut its overall growth target  for the country this year due to stiff competition in the  segment.
Kerry-Kerrey Confusion Trips Up Campaign (AP) AP - John Kerry, Bob Kerrey. It's easy to get confused.
Miracle in mud! REAL: Philippine rescuers were yesterday frantically digging for more survivors after four people, including a toddler, were pulled alive from a building crushed by a landslide 11 days ago.
Alert shuts Los Angeles airport Parts of Los Angeles international airport are temporarily closed down amid reports of a security breach.
Globus inventors go commercial The creators of Globus open source grid software have set up a software and services company, Univa, to capitalise on their work on grid computing.
France Says Hostages Still Alive a Few Days Ago France said on Sunday two French reporters held hostage with their Syrian driver in Iraq were still alive a few days ago.  quot;We are working discreetly, following up leads, reestablishing
Cummins 3Q Profit More Than Quadruples Service engine maker Cummins Inc. on Wednesday said that third-quarter profits more than quadrupled - beating both its own guidance and Wall Street estimates - and full-year earnings would also exceed previous expectations.
Lebanon and Syria have not complied with UN resolution: Annan UNITED NATIONS - Secretary-General Kofi Annan reported that Syria has not pulled its forces out of Lebanon as called for by the UN Security Council, and said he had requested a timetable from Damascus for its full implementation.
Vivendi surprises with rise in revenue Vivendi Universal, the French media group that almost collapsed into bankruptcy two years ago, yesterday surprised investors with strong third-quarter revenues driven by soaring music sales in the Britain and North America.
Sharon acknowledges ignoring road map Prime Minister Ariel Sharon acknowledged that Israel was not following the moribund Mideast peace plan, and said an Israeli pullout from the Gaza Strip was unlikely to revive it, according
Tigers exercise Trammell #39;s option The Tigers face plenty of decisions on players from here on out. Their option on the manager was a quick one. Two days after Alan Trammell completed his second season at
Tokyo Stocks Flat, Focus on Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks were flat in mid-morning  trade on Monday with confidence in the domestic economic  outlook failing to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers  such as insurers and real estate stocks.
Mullah Omar and Bin Laden on the run as Afghan and American forces &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; More than 18,000 US troops and innumerable Afghan forces are in the process of searching every inch of Afhganistan and Afghan-Pak border.
Hurricanes May Affect Florida Politics TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Two devastating hurricanes have given President Bush something his political advisers couldn't dream up: the chance to play comforter in chief in a battleground state he is determined to win again...
Pope Prays for Beslan School Dead at Italy Mass  LORETO, Italy (Reuters) - Pope John Paul prayed for the  victims of the ""inhumane violence"" of Russia's Beslan school  tragedy as he said Mass on Sunday before 200,000 people in  central Italy.
Albertsons #39; 2Q Profit Falls 36 Percent Persistent economic sluggishness and continued fallout from the Southern California labor dispute slashed second quarter profits 36 percent for Albertsons Inc.
FleetCenter to be reunion arena It has all the gossipy intrigue and social awkwardness of seating the still-respected ex-wife and the sexy new girlfriend at the same table for a family wedding.
Blair builds Atlantic bridge Tony Blair last night put worldwide political and human rights at the centre of his hopes to revitalise the United Nations and bring the United States and Europe closer together again in pursuit of global democracy.
How long will the pop press stomach the horrors of Iraq? The sickening accounts of the ordeal of Ken Bigley have brought home to everyone the true wretchedness of the present situation in Iraq.
Second Prisoner Abuse Report Expected WASHINGTON - Inattention to prisoner issues by senior U.S. military leaders in Iraq and at the Pentagon was a key factor in the abuse scandal at Abu Ghraib prison, but there is no evidence they ordered any mistreatment, an independent panel concluded...
Yukos considers self-destruction Shareholders in Yukos are considering liquidation or filing for bankruptcy, after deciding against a rescue plan for the embattled Russian oil firm.
Fighting spreads in Sunni Triangle Fierce battles between insurgents and US and Iraqi forces killed at least 27 people today in Baqouba and south of Baghdad as US forces move against the last remaining pockets of resistance in Fallujah.
Chicago OKs Cubs to Play at Wrigley Field (AP) AP - The city gave the Chicago Cubs the go-ahead to play ball at Wrigley Field on Monday night after the stadium passed another round of inspections of repair work done on its crumbling upper deck.
IBM to commercialize Blue Gene supercomputer Fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, IBM on Monday announced it is making a commercial version of its Blue Gene system available to be aimed at businesses and scientific researchers.
Two Wizards face possible suspensions The Washington Wizards #39; Brendan Haywood and Larry Hughes could face suspensions for their part in a fight during Monday night #39;s preseason game against the Bulls in Chicago.
Wright ready to cash in after win Shane Mosley gave Winky Wright his big chance. After beating Mosley a second time, Wright is now ready to cash in on it. Wright pronounced himself one of boxing #39;s elite contenders Saturday night after beating
Louisville Slams Tulane  NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - Eric Shelton rushed for two  touchdowns, Stefan LeFors passed for 247 yards with two  touchdowns and No. 7 Louisville completed a perfect Conference  USA campaign by routing Tulane, 55-7,
Israelis OK new homes in West Bank A leaked Israeli plan to build 1,000 new Jewish settler homes in the West Bank yesterday sent Bush administration officials scrambling for a response in the sensitive period before November #39;s presidential election.
A Senator #39;s Outrage Delays Passage of Corporate Tax Bill The Senate cleared a path on Sunday for a bill to hand out about \$140 billion in corporate tax breaks, but it was blocked from a final vote by a fight over a provision aimed at helping reservists on duty in Iraq.
Nigerian army kills 24 Islamic militants near Cameroon border (AFP) AFP - The Nigerian army killed 24 Islamic militants who had taken refuge in the mountainous northeastern region bordering Cameroon, the spokesman for the northeastern state of Borno said.
KarstadtQuelle Sells Stake in Venture Troubled German retailer KarstadtQuelle AG said Monday it is selling its 82 percent stake in a three-year-old joint venture with coffeehouse chain Starbucks Coffee International to the US company.
Update 1: Toshiba, TCL to Cooperate on Appliances Focusing on the fast-growing Chinese market, Japan #39;s Toshiba and major Chinese appliance maker TCL have signed a broad agreement to cooperate in making and marketing appliances in China, the companies said Thursday.
#39;Somebody please save my dad #39; Nick du Toit #39;s wife and stepdaughter are distraught that there is nothing they can do to help him. On Monday his stepdaughter, Marilise Bezuidenhout, was forced to convey the news of his possible death sentence
S amp;P cuts SBC, BellSouth debt ratings WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Tuesday cut the debt rating of BellSouth and SBC Communications, citing stiff competition and potential problems in absorbing AT amp;T Wireless.
Shelling, shooting resumes in breakaway Georgian region (AFP) AFP - Georgian and South Ossetian forces overnight accused each other of trying to storm the other side's positions in Georgia's breakaway region of South Ossetia, as four Georgian soldiers were reported to be wounded.
Berlusconi confident of acquittal Judges in the corruption trial of Silvio Berlusconi withdrew yesterday to decide their verdict and the prime minister said he was confident he would not be convicted.
Apple beefs up .Mac storage limits Customers of Apple #39;s .Mac Internet service can hit the delete button less often now that the company has boosted the amount of storage it gives subscribers.
Space Station Crew Moves Rescue Capsule The maneuver frees the hatch on the docking station that the crew members will use for work sorties in January and March. In addition, the launch of an unmanned Progress cargo ship has been postponed one day to December 24.
Lazarus-like virus hits computers A new computer virus is catching people out by coming back from the dead.
U.S. Broadband Penetration Tops 51 By ANICK JESDANUN    NEW YORK (AP) -- The number of Americans who get on the Internet via high-speed lines has now equaled the number using dial-up connections.    July measurements from Nielsen/NetRatings placed the broadband audience at 51 percent of the U.S...
The Rippling Pain from Vioxx Prescription-drug recalls aren #39;t common, and they #39;re almost always controversial. Now that Merck (MRK ) is voluntarily withdrawing its Vioxx pain medication around the world, due to a heightened risk of cardiovascular
Red Hat taps Netscape to broaden its landscape Linux seller plans to release Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software in a bid to expand beyond its core product.
Indian-Americans hail Manmohan speech New York, Sep 27 (UNI) Members of the Indian-American community who attended a public meeting addressed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh welcomed his speech and expressed confidence that India would soon be a developed economy.
Yahoo Unveils Animated Shorts, Sees New Ad Space (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc.  said on\Thursday that JibJab Media will create two animated short films\as the Internet company looks for ways to expand advertising by\adding new content.
Ex-Enron executive testifies about cover-up The first witness in the first Enron criminal trial testified this morning she believed those higher up than both she and the Enron accountant now on trial were in on an effort to hide illicit
NFL Game Summary - Detroit at Jacksonville Jacksonville, FL (Sports Network) - David Garrard hooked up with Jimmy Smith for a 36-yard touchdown pass 5:28 into overtime to lift Jacksonville over Detroit, 23-17, in a wild affair at Alltel Stadium.
Saddam meets lawyer, aides due in Court Saddam Hussein met with a defense lawyer Thursday for the first time since his capture a year ago, days before several of his top aides are due to appear in court for hearings on alleged war crimes.
US retail sales climb 0.1 percent in November WASHINGTON : US retail sales rose 0.1 percent in November, a better than expected start to the crucial holiday shopping season, seasonally adjusted government figures showed.
Clinton Has Successful Quadruple Bypass NEW YORK - Bill Clinton underwent a successful quadruple heart bypass operation Monday to relieve severely clogged arteries that doctors said put the former president at grave risk of suffering a heart attack.    Clinton is expected to make a full recovery, but doctors said he was fortunate to have checked himself into the hospital when he did...
Jets hit rebel city in payback for hotel raid BAGHDAD: US fighter jets bombed the rebel-held city of Fallujah yesterday, killing at least 10 people, hours after rockets slammed into a Baghdad hotel used by foreign journalists and contractors.
VeriSign bundles authentication tools Unified support for passwords, smart cards and tokens means better network security, the company says.
Interview: OSDL chief Stuart Cohen - Part 2 In the second of a two-part interview, Open Systems Development Labs chief Stuart Cohen gives his views on Linux security, desktops, the Domino effect towards Linux, and why Microsoft will eventually port to Linux.
Bush, Kerry Stick to Issue Of Security Presidential candidates combed the Midwest for the last few uncommitted voters Thursday, each carrying severe warnings that his rival's victory would worsen the security of Americans.
Firefox browser to hit 1.0 milestone Though the release is technically a preview, the 1.0 version is a significant milestone for the open-source browser software, which has already won an enthusiastic following as an alternative to Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer.
Defense finally craters against Favre Considering how poorly the Texans #39; defense played in the first halves in blowout losses to the Denver Broncos and Indianapolis Colts the previous two weeks, Sunday night #39;s performance was encouraging.
Ten Candidates in Palestinian Elections (AP) AP - Ten candidates have qualified to contest the Palestinian presidential elections, set for Jan. 9. They are:
Profile: Leftist Vazquez wins Uruguay presidential poll Uruguay #39;s leftist candidate Tabare Vazquez won a historic victory in Sunday #39;s presidential elections with more than 50 percent of the ballot.
MLB, Va. Officials Meet Chicago White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf led a team of negotiators from Major League Baseball in a three-hour meeting Wednesday with the leaders of the Virginia Baseball Stadium Authority.
WRAPUP 1-Careless Chelsea and Arsenal let victories slip League leaders Chelsea allowed Bolton Wanderers to recover from two goals down to force a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge in one of two major surprises in the Premier League on Saturday.
Oklahoma State #39;s seniors rope victory Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim, while watching tape of Oklahoma State in preparation for their encounter at the Jimmy V Classic, said to himself,  quot;we might not even be able to play with this team.
Davenport Advances at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport's summer of success stayed on course Thursday when the fifth-seeded former U.S. Open champion defeated Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-4, 6-2 and advanced to the third round of the season's final Grand Slam event...
Mobile phone network reaches last of China's ethnic minorities (AFP) AFP - China has brought its mobile phone network to the last of its ethnic minority regions previously cut off from communication with the outside world, state media reported.
Nissan #39;s supply shortage sends steel stocks up US steelmakers #39; shares rose sharply yesterday, with US Steel, Allegheny Technologies and Nucor (which operates a mill in Seattle) reaching their highest prices in at least seven years, after Nissan said the metal is in short supply in Japan.
Car Bomb Kills at Least Six in Baghdad A car bomb exploded outside the Education Ministry in central Baghdad Tuesday, killing at least six people and wounding about eight, the Interior Ministry said.
Two million take part in all-night cultural festival in Rome (AFP) AFP - Two million people massed in the streets of Rome and in its monuments and museums overnight, celebrating the Italian capital's second annual all-night cultural extravaganza, the mayor said.
Japan narrowly escapes recession New figures show Japan's economy is barely staying out of recession with annual growth of just 0.2 in the third quarter.
Poland to Reduce Number of Troops in Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Poland said Friday it plans to reduce\the number of its troops in Iraq from early next year and will\not remain there ""an hour longer than is sensible.""
Coke CEO gives pep talk as company lowers outlook Coca-Cola #39;s top executive said Wednesday the beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its business strategy and improve its culture as he warned that third-quarter per-share income will drop at least 24 percent from a year ago.
McLeish upset by Novo punishment Rangers manager Alex McLeish has criticised the punishment handed out to Nacho Novo by the Scottish Football Association. Novo and Celtic striker Henri Camara were both given one-match bans
EU Wants U.S. Aid to Boeing Clarified (AP) AP - The European Union on Thursday demanded Washington explain more clearly how it subsidizes Boeing Co. and warned it would counter any U.S. challenge targeting EU rival Airbus SAS before the World Trade Organization.
NASA braces for Frances Thousands of automobiles clogged Florida #39;s highways during the largest evacuation in state history as residents anticipated the arrival of Hurricane Frances.
McCline, Byrd say fight won #39;t weigh heavy on friendship Jameel McCline had made a habit of calling heavyweight titleholder Chris Byrd, his good friend, whenever he found out about his next fight in order to hear Byrd #39;s opinion and discuss strategy.
Novell #39;s Microsoft attack completes Linux conversion Novell Inc. has completed its conversion to Linux by launching an attack on Microsoft Corp., claiming that the company has stifled software innovation and that the market will abandon Microsoft Windows at some point in the future.
UPDATE 1-Bolton end Newcastle run with 2-1 win Bolton Wanderers continued their impressive start to the season as they battled to beat in-form Newcastle United 2-1 on Sunday to stay in touch with the leading pack at the top of the Premier League.
Militants holding UN workers say talks have been postponed Militants threatening to kill three UN hostages said yesterday that talks with Afghan and UN officials had been postponed for another day.
Vaughan confident England can cap memorable season ENGLAND captain Michael Vaughan leads his side against the West Indies today quietly confident of claiming his first major one-day trophy in the ICC Champions Trophy final against West Indies.
Cubs plate three runs in ninth inning, fall a run short The Chicago Cubs need more than rally caps, good-luck charms or curse-busters now. Mike Hampton and Dewayne Wise each hit two-run homers to lead the Atlanta Braves to
Sudanese rebels agree to take part in peace talks in Abuja ABUJA, Aug 25, 2004 (dpa) -- Rebel groups agreed Wednesday to participate in peace talks with the Sudanese government being held in the Nigerian capital of Abuja after coming under pressure to disarm and accept confinement to camps in the country #39;s
Jones Buys Barneys in \$400 Million Deal A company with a middle-brow reputation announced a deal today to buy the singularly trendy clothing chain.
More Troubles For Howard Tim Howard was  quot;horribly at fault quot; and  quot;had another bad night, his dreadful error leading to Lyon #39;s first goal quot; in Champions League action.
IBM launches global computing grid IBM announced today that it was driving the initiative to use the worlds vast untapped computer power for useful things (like playing games and shopping online isn #39;t useful!
Soldier to Plead Guilty in Iraq Abuse Case (AP) AP - An Army reservist charged with abusing Iraqi prisoners plans to plead guilty at a court martial to four counts arising from the Abu Ghraib prison abuse scandal in a plea deal in which eight other counts will be dropped, his lawyer has said.
Arsenal #39;s winning ways a joy Legendary Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough said last week that losing Forest #39;s 42-game unbeaten record to Arsenal stuck in the craw  quot;because nobody likes them quot;, but surely that is not true.
NEC develops CD, DVD, HD-DVD drive prototype KAWASAKI, JAPAN - Engineers at NEChave developed a prototype optical disc drive that supports the new HD-DVD format and is also compatible with CD and DVD formats, they said Wednesday.
AP Poll: Bush, Kerry in Dead Heat (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are locked in a tie for the popular vote, according to an Associated Press poll. Voters seem open to change in the White House  #151; most disapprove of the president's performance at home and in Iraq  #151; but still harbor doubts about making the switch.
Martin wins second straight race Markko Martin won his second consecutive World Rally Championship race on Sunday to clinch the Rally of Catalunya. The Estonian, driving a Ford, followed up his recent victory in
Iran refutes allegation about collaboration with IAEA chief Iran on Sunday refuted a report made by some US media that UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei had collaborated with Iran by giving Tehran an advance look at his reports, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Blue Chips Drop After Merck Announcement  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips were lower on Thursday  after drug company and Dow component Merck   Co.&lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; said it  was withdrawing a key drug, casting a dark mood over the market  as oil prices remained above \$49 a barrel.
HCA Warns on Third-Quarter Earnings Hospital giant HCA Inc. said Wednesday it expects third-quarter earnings to range between \$222 million and \$232 million, or 46 cents to 48 cents per share, including losses from hurricanes Charley, Frances
India desperate for jobs, infrastructure despite economic boom (AFP) AFP - Despite India's economic boom in software and outsourcing services, economists have warned the government needs more reforms to create jobs in manufacturing to cut poverty.
TiVo loss widens SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - TiVo said its second-quarter loss widened from a year earlier on higher customer acquisition costs. Free!
Explosion in Kathmandu injures 30 At least 30 people have been hurt in a explosion in Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu. Police say it was a bomb. The explosion struck a building of the government-owned Employees #39; Provident Fund that was under construction.
Oil Down 3 Pct. as U.S. Winter Stays Mild  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid 3 percent on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.
Infineon admits conspiracy in DRAM cartel GIANT MEMORY company Infineon will plead guilty to price fixing of DRAM chips and will pay \$160 million in fines to the US government.
Clemens deal is waived off CHICAGO -- The Red Sox were ready to welcome Roger Clemens back to Boston. His uniform number (21) was available. Pedro Martinez , who has expressed the utmost respect for Clemens, almost certainly would have made some room for the Rocket near the locker Clemens long used and Martinez now occupies. Curt Schilling would have been thrilled to pitch with ...
Producer Price Surge Fuels Inflation Fears Producer prices surged 1.7 percent in October, their sharpest monthly increase in nearly 15 years.
State, drug chains reach agreement The state of Maine, Rite Aid Corp., and Community Pharmacy LP have agreed to a consent decree placing conditions on the sale of five Community Pharmacy stores to Rite Aid.
Sporting News: Bonds is player of year; Pujols fourth San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds, who hit .362, set a record with 232 walks and topped 700 career homers, was named 2004 player of the year by The Sporting News.
Han wins Safeway in playoff Hee-Won Han stumbled her way into a playoff last month, then stumbled in the playoff and lost. On Sunday at Columbia Edgewater Country Club, she did the opposite, making a clutch birdie on the final hole of
India seeks new TV bids The Indian Board re-opens the bidding for TV rights after Australian threaten to cancel their tour.
Photo: SGI's Columbia supercomputer The Linux-based Columbia is a top contender for the title of world's fastest supercomputer.
Plus: Cendant reported to buy Ebookers SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Not only did the word  quot;blog quot; enter Merriam-Webster #39;s dictionary this year, but Microsoft is getting on the personalized e-journal bandwagon.
Ken Caminiti, Former NL MVP, Dies of Heart Attack at Age 41 Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League Most Valuable Player who admitted to using steroids during his Major League Baseball career, died yesterday of a heart attack, his agent said.
Chargers Postgame Show Denver was poised to take the late lead when cornerback Drayton Florence knocked away an end zone pass headed for Rod Smith. The pass ricocheted to safety Jerry Wilson for an interception.
Spain Condemns Racial Abuse, Defends Reputation  MADRID (Reuters) - The Madrid council has condemned the  racist behavior of fans that marred Wednesday's friendly  between Spain and England and said that the events should not  be allowed to harm the city's bid to host the 2012 Olympics.
Car bombs strike Baghdad At least 10 people were killed and 76 injured when one exploded near an army recruitment centre outside the top-security Green Zone housing Iraq #39;s interim government and the US Embassy.
Mets Introduce New Prize Pitcher Pedro (AP) AP - Pedro Martinez formalized a  #36;53 million, four-year contract with the New York Mets on Thursday and embraced the idea of helping rebuild a team that has fallen on hard times.
Siemens Says Cellphone Flaw May Hurt Users and Its Profit Siemens, the world #39;s fourth-largest maker of mobile phones, said Friday that a software flaw that can create a piercing ring in its newest phone models might hurt earnings in its handset division.
Premiership: Charlton snatch win Dennis Rommedahl grabbed an injury-time winner for Charlton against a Crystal Palace side who will be very upset at a missed penalty.
Iraq's Allawi Issues Ultimatum to Falluja  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim prime minister warned  the rebel-held city of Falluja on Wednesday it must hand over  foreign militants, including America's top enemy in Iraq, or  face a major operation to root them out.
Ancelotti demands more from  #39;world #39;s best defence #39; AC Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti said he expects better from his defence after the shock 2-1 home defeat to promoted Messina on Wednesday.
Arsenal's Unbeaten Streak Reaches 48 Games (AP) AP - Arsenal extended its unbeaten streak in the Premier League to 48 games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry in a 4-0 victory over Charlton and bouncing back from a Champions League tie.
Smoltz could return to rotation ANAHEIM, Calif. There #39;s a chance John Smoltz could return to the Atlanta Braves #39; rotation if the team finds another closer.
Dunn Sets Major League Strikeouts Record (AP) AP - Cincinnati Reds slugger Adam Dunn set the major league record for strikeouts in one season with 190, when he fanned in his first two at-bats Thursday against the Chicago Cubs.
Rogers confirms deal to buy AT amp;T Wireless stake Rogers Communications Inc. (RCIb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) confirmed on Monday it would buy AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. #39;s (AWE.
Hewitt reaches final on Long Island Commack, NY (Sports Network) - Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt reached Sunday #39;s final at the \$380,000 TD Waterhouse Cup -- a final US Open tune-up.
Iomega readies wireless NAS device Iomega Corp. is soon expected to ship its first network-attached storage (NAS) device based on wireless networking technology.
Elarton agrees to \$850,000, one-year deal with Indians Scott Elarton, who pitched effectively late in the season after a slow start with Cleveland, agreed Thursday to an \$850,000, one-year contract with the Indians.
Newest video games gun to be No. 1 Voters apparently weren #39;t the only ones willing to stand in long lines. The release of this year #39;s two hottest video games - Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, and Halo 2 - had gamers lined up at stores across the nation to pick up their pre-ordered games.
Rough ride won #39;t stop next X Prize shot The rolling experienced by SpaceShipOne on its first Ansari X Prize flight on Wednesday will not jeopardise the team #39;s chances of winning the \$10 million purse, team members said in a post-flight briefing.
Thomson beats the Street on core strengths Thomson Corp., a provider of information services that was once Canada #39;s largest newspaper publisher, sailed past Street forecasts in its latest quarterly results released Tuesday.
Stocks up in midst of mixed signs Stocks edged higher Friday as another drop in oil prices helped Wall Street withstand the effects of a disappointing jobs creation report.
Gordon Cooper, NASA Mercury Pioneer, Dies LOS ANGELES - Gordon Cooper, who was the youngest and perhaps cockiest member of the original Mercury astronauts and set the space endurance record that helped clear the way for the first moon landing, has died. He was 77...
Techs lead gains on Wall Street Shares surged on Wall Street on Friday night, pushing the Dow over 100 points higher, as tech stocks rallied and drug giant Merck staged a 1 per cent rebound following its 26 per cent fall on Thursday.
Lithuanians deliver NBA stars another Olympic basketball dunking (AFP) AFP - Lithuania defeated the United States 94-90 in an Olympic men's basketball preliminary round game, only the fourth loss in 115 Olympic starts for the defending champions.
Brief: IBM integrates Enigma technology into auto dealer portal Enigma's 3C Platform is designed to help IBM streamline business processes for automotive OEMs and dealers.
Cycling: Ulmer #39;s scorching times in secret rides New Zealand #39;s star cyclist, Sarah Ulmer, last week rode under world record time twice in an hour during a secret training session in France.
Harrison keeps title for fifth time GLASGOW - Scotland #39;s Scott Harrison successfully defended his WBO featherweight title for a fifth time with a farcical first-round stoppage of Swedish-based Ethiopian Samuel Kebede on Saturday.
Bank of America Fires Back at Parmalat  LONDON (Reuters) - Grant Thornton and Bank of America have  filed motions in a New York court to remove a U.S. injunction  stopping them counter-suing insolvent Italian dairy group  Parmalat, which has sued each for \$10 billion.
GM Protests Spread Across Europe Tens of thousands of General Motors workers across Europe were set to stop working on Tuesday in a sign of solidarity with their German colleagues, who face massive job cuts.
Glory days long gone for Roy Jones What a shocker! The great Roy Jones lying unconscious on the canvas for five minutes. And who was the man who put him there? Unlikely light-heavyweight journeyman Glen Johnson - who, by his own admission, isn #39;t that flash.
Chirac: Europe Can Do More in Science Race (AP) AP - A European laboratory that was the birthplace of the World Wide Web and home of Nobel prize-winning developments in understanding the origins of the universe celebrated its 50th birthday Tuesday. But French President Jacques Chirac warned that despite those illustrious achievements, European scientists are falling behind.
Nortel lowers expectations Nortel said it expects revenue for the third quarter to fall short of expectations.
Study raises stent doubts Heart patients aren #39;t more likely to live long term after getting the artery-opening tubes called stents, according to a study released yesterday by researchers at Duke University.
Stocks Edge Higher As Oil Prices Retreat NEW YORK - A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a modest relief rally Monday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.    Investors who have sold stocks for months as oil prices climbed reversed course Monday and started buying as the price of crude declined...
Burundi Police Forcibly Disperse Tutsi Protest Police in Burundi #39;s capital, Bujumbura, used tear gas to break up a demonstration Wednesday held to protest the massacre of Congolese Tutsi refugees.
UPDATE 1-BMW, Honda drop challenge to F1 rules Carmakers BMW and Honda have dropped plans to challenge Formula One #39;s governing body over engine rules for 2006 after deciding that legal action would be bad for motor racing.
Samsung looks to top 100m unit sales next year (FT.com) FT.com - Samsung Electronics, the world's second-largest mobile phone maker, expects its handset sales to rise 16 per cent next year to more than 100m units.
Britain Ups Anti-Terror Security Spending (AP) AP - The Sept. 11 attacks on America forced Prime Minister Tony Blair's government to ponder a troubling question: Could terrorists pull off something similar, or even worse, in London or another big British city? The answer, they concluded, was yes.
Unhappy Robinson Rejoins 76ers (AP) AP - Unhappy he hasn't been traded, Glenn Robinson rejoined the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday.
USA : Wal-Mart predicts bumper Christmas Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world #39;s biggest retailer, informed it was confident to see  quot;another record quarter and a successful holiday season quot; after posting solid third-quarter results.
Girls 'observe' French scarf ban Only about 100 French Muslim girls are breaking the new ban on headscarves at school, the education minister says.
India cool on Kashmir proposals India responded coolly yesterday to suggestions by the Pakistani president, Pervez Musharraf, on how to solve the Kashmir dispute between the two countries.
AUBURN 21, ALABAMA 13 Auburn #39;s Strong Second Half Keeps It in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For one half Saturday, the controversy over the Bowl Championship Series looked like it might disappear in the dampness of Bryant-Denny Stadium as undefeated Auburn found itself in a fight with archrival Alabama.
Trabelsi back on board with Ajax Arsenal target Hatem Trabelsi has settled his differences with Ajax after several months of wrangling. The Tunisian international defender was furious after it emerged a clause in his contract prevented him from completing a move to the Gunners.
GI #39;s in Talks With Rebels of Sadr Stronghold in Baghdad The American military met for five hours on Sunday with representatives of the rebellious cleric Moktada al-Sadr in the volatile Baghdad Shiite neighborhood of Sadr
Lesbians fight to retain post-Soviet freedom (AFP) AFP - Since emerging from the shadow of the prudish Soviet Union a decade ago, sexual minorities have fought to gain a foothold in Russian society. But Russian lesbians now say they are facing growing pressure from authorities to return to the closet.
Diouf Charged After Spitting Row Bolton #39;s El-Hadji Diouf has been charged by the Football Association for spitting at Portsmouth #39;s Arjan de Zeeuw in Saturday #39;s 1-0 win for Pompey.
Elbaradei, Environmentalist Tipped for Nobel (Reuters) Reuters - Among those tipped to win the 2004 Nobel\Peace Prize on Friday are the U.N. nuclear watchdog and its\leader Mohamed ElBaradei, a Kenyan environmentalist and a\Russian anti-nuclear activist.
Israelis Kill Four Palestinians in Gaza Strip  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed four armed  Palestinians in the Gaza Strip on Saturday as it pressed a  massive 10-day-old offensive that has cost 85 Palestinian lives  in an attempt to stop militants firing rockets.
Car Bomb Kills Three in Mosul (AP) AP - A car bomb exploded in the northern Iraq city of Mosul on Monday, killing three people, hospital police said.
Microsoft Pushes Off SP2 Release Microsoft will delay the release of its SP2 update for another week to fix software glitches. But not everyone is quite so eager to install the SP2 update for Windows XP. In fact, many companies have demanded the ability to prevent their ...
VIACOM MAY PAY SIRIUS \$: HOWARD Howard Stern hinted broadly yesterday that he might continue his involvement with Viacom after he switches to censor-free satellite radio in 15 months.
IBM #39;s High-End Power5 Servers Catch HP IBM on Friday introduced high-end servers in its pSeries and iSeries lines that include virtualization features and raw power that some experts say put the products on par with offerings from rival Hewlett-Packard Co.
US urges Israel to help Palestinian vote US Secretary of State Colin Powell has launched a new Middle East peace drive by saying he will press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for steps to help Palestinians elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.
Apple adds photos to iPods SAN JOSE, Calif. - Apple Computer Inc. rolled out a new iPod Tuesday that allows users to view and share photos as it opened nine new iTunes music stores in Europe, spurring its rivalry with Microsoft Corp.
Bearcat qb has broken bone in throwing hand CINCINNATI University of Cincinnati quarterback Gino Guidugli (guh-DOO #39;-lee) has a broken bone in his throwing hand, and may miss Saturday #39;s game at number-seven Louisville.
U.S. October Hiring at a Seven-Month Peak  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. jobs were created at the  heartiest pace in seven months during October, the government   said on Friday, spurred by rebuilding in the hurricane-battered  Southeast and brisk hiring in service industries.
Office Depot Sees Profit Below Views  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. office supply retailer, on Tuesday forecast third-quarter  and full-year profits below Wall Street estimates due to  disruptions from recent hurricanes.
Cocky Arsene Arsene Wenger is confident that Arsenal will make the knockout stages of the Champions League, despite needing to beat Rosenborg to make sure.
Monster Mashes Attract Masses Kaiju Big Battel -- a multimedia event in which costumed combatants spew toxic ooze on audience members -- is growing in popularity. There are already dedicated websites and a DVD series. Coming next: a book and TV pilot. By Xeni Jardin.
Nuggets 100, Clippers 88 Carmelo Anthony, who missed Denver #39;s previous game after being cited for marijuana possession, scored 23 points for the Nuggets in a 100-88 preseason victory Thursday night over the Los Angeles Clippers.
Salvaging Genesis Despite a seemingly calamitous crash to Earth last month by the Genesis spacecraft, large portions of the solar wind samples it had gathered in space appear to be salvageable, NASA scientists announced on Sept.
Philip Morris, plaintiffs fighting again SPRINGFIELD, Ill. Philip Morris and lawyers who won a ten-(B)billion-dollar judgment against the company are fighting again. The cigarette maker on Monday asked the Illinois Supreme Court to disqualify a Chicago
Devil Rays thumbnails at Fenway Park Records: Boston is 86-56 (second in the AL East); Tampa Bay is 61-80 (fourth in AL East). Tonight (7:05, NESN, WEEI): LHP Scott Kazmir (1-1, 5.62) vs.
My 50 random musings on the final major championship of the year So the last major of 2004 is in the books. Herewith 50 random ruminations on the US Open that was. ... 1. Imagine how good Roger Federer will be once he learns to move around the court a little.
Sims 2 plays with life addicts The Sims 2 adds DNA into the mix and much more realistic 3D graphics, which gives the game an eerie feeling of reality.
Angels Rally Past A's to Clinch AL West Crown  OAKLAND (Reuters) - Garret Anderson capped a three-run  eighth inning rally with a run-scoring single as the Anaheim  Angels edged the Oakland Athletics 5-4 Saturday to capture  their first AL West pennant in 18 years.
Pakistan province focuses on prayers, curbing vice (Reuters) Reuters - Cinemas are barred from hoisting movie bill-boards and shopkeepers are afraid to display posters featuring women in the historic northern Pakistani city of Peshawar.
SC to hear Zee petition tommorrow Five judges of the top court will hear a petition filed by Zee Telefilms on Tuesday. A three-judge panel of the Supreme Court said a five-judge bench would hear the dispute that threatens the rights of India #39;s
Court rules against state Web-blocking law A Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites deemed by the state's prosecuting attorneys to be child pornography has been reversed by a U.S. federal court on free-speech grounds.
P2P company wants RIAA to face the music The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is being given a taste of its own medicine by peer-to-peer (P2P) company Altnet, which has launched a civil suit against the trade body alleging patent infringement.
Spam Stopper Detects Sender Patterns (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Commtouch's anti-spam software update halts spam by tracking e-mail server sending patterns.
OPEC Seen Wary on Increase in Oil Quotas  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil  output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear  of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.
Mears wins Busch pole Casey Mears set a track qualifying record and won his third NASCAR Busch series pole of the season Thursday at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
Candidates Spar on Iraq, Terrorism War President Bush and Democratic challenger John F. Kerry lunged into the final two weeks of the 2004 presidential campaign on Monday by feuding feverishly over the Iraq war and the fight against terrorists.
Hewitt cruises to quarterfinals Former Wimbledon and US Open winner Lleyton Hewitt cruised to a 6-1, 6-4 victory over Michael Llodra on Thursday to advance to the quarterfinals of the TD Waterhouse Cup.
Spears' Fiance to Star in Her New Video NEW YORK - Britney Spears' former backup dancer and current fiance Kevin Federline can add another title to his resume: co-star.    On Wednesday, a Jive Records publicist confirmed Federline is featured in Spears' upcoming ""My Prerogative"" video, set to debut in mid-September...
Tigers celebrating after Beavers don #39;t get their kicks Freshman Alexis Serna is down on the field kneeling, pounding the Tiger Stadium turf. He wanted to hide. But couldn #39;t find a place.
Browns' Lee Suggs Ready for Return (AP) AP - Browns running back Lee Suggs, inactive for Cleveland's first three games with a neck stinger, has been granted medical clearance to practice at full speed this week.
PalmSource Embraces Linux with China MobileSoft Acquisition (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Mobile software provider PalmSource is leaping into a market with a\potentially huge upside with the acquisition of China MobileSoft (CMS),\and at the same time is giving a big boost to the open source developer\commmunity.
North Korea Seen as Tying Nuclear Talks to US Election North Korea is waiting out the American presidential election in order to bargain with the winner over its nuclear weapons program, according to analysts here and a British diplomat who left Pyongyang today.
TSMC, Freescale expect initial production of 65nm SOI in 4Q 2005 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and Freescale Semiconductor expect to begin initial production of a high-speed 65nm silicon-on-insulator (SOI) process in the fourth quarter of 2005, with volume production pending on market demand
Dickens Departs Tony Dickens resigns as head coach at Northwestern six months after leading the Wildcats to the Maryland 4A boys basketball title.
Dell Debuts Color Laser Printers Three new models are designed for businesses and home office users.
Business Objects touts dashboards, standardization Business Objects executives this week touted dashboard technology features and rallied support for standardization on their new business intelligence software -- two hot-button issues for users here at the company's International Users Conference.
Phillies relieve Bowa of his duties The Phillies ended months of speculation when they announced the dismissal of manager Larry Bowa before Saturday #39;s game against the Marlins at Citizens Bank Park.
Mount St. Helens Releases More Steam (AP) AP - More steam gushed out of Mount St. Helens following an increase in earthquake activity, keeping scientists guessing as to what is happening deep within the volcano and perhaps showing that the mountain's seismic activity may not be over yet.
North Korea eases tough stance against US in nuclear talks North Korea on Friday eased its tough stance against the United States, saying it is willing to resume stalled six-way talks on its nuclear weapons if Washington is ready to consider its demands.
Europe to send more troops to Iraq US appeals to European nations to boost NATO missions in Iraq and Afghanistan have been a success, with the alliance announcing a small expansion of its fledgling military training facility in Baghdad.
Perez struggles against the Cardinals Odalis Perez learned just how quickly things could unravel against the potent St. Louis Cardinals. After allowing Albert Pujols #39; first-inning home run Tuesday, Perez held the Cardinals hitless until there were two outs in the third.
ANZ sells project finance unit Australia  amp; New Zealand Banking Group said today it would transfer most of its London-based project finance business to Standard Chartered.
Game itself needs repair Last Sunday night, while announcing the suspensions of Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson, Jermaine O'Neal, Ben Wallace, and others, the commissioner of the NBA, David Stern, spoke forcefully and eloquently about redefining  quot;the covenant between players and fans and between fans and fans, and making sure we can play our games in a very welcoming and peaceful setting. quot;
Notebook: USC, Sooners in control of BCS USC vs. Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl appears to be three victories away - two by USC and one by the Sooners. USC and Oklahoma held the top two spots in the Bowl Championship
London to unveil 2012 bid plans London #39;s bid team will reveal their final plans for hosting the 2012 Olympic Games when they unveil full details of the bid document on Friday.
Harvick Holds Off McMurray for Busch Series Win  HOMESTEAD, Fla. (Sports Network) - Kevin Harvick held off  fellow Nextel Cup driver Jamie McMurray on three restarts over  the final 20 laps to capture the Ford 300. The No.29 Chevrolet  crossed the finish line 0.218 seconds ahead of runner-up  McMurray.
Nairobi police disperse Maasai Police in Kenya disperse Maasai protesters in the capital who are seeking the return of leased colonial land.
Did Apple Offer Sony an ITunes Deal? Update: A partnership may be crucial for long-term success, one industry insider says.
Martha Stewart Living posts bigger loss Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc., still reeling from the personal legal woes of its imprisoned founder, former chairwoman and CEO, posted a wider loss in the third quarter
Netflix and TiVo Joining Forces Online Home entertainment trendsetters Netflix Inc. (NFLX) and TiVo Inc. (TIVO) hope to link up on a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
MITTERAND PHONE-TAP TRIAL OPENS Proceedings are due to begin on a case that has scandalised France for over two decades. Twelve Mitterand-era government officials and senior police officers will face trial in Paris for running a phone tapping
Log on to be a satellite spy A Canadian inventor has created Internet-based technology that could soon see regular computer users acting as armchair spies. Vincent Tao, an engineer at Toronto #39;s York University
PeopleSoft, SAP make bid for manufacturing dollars Business software vendors PeopleSoft and SAP separately debuted new technologies to further consolidate their respective positions in the manufacturing market.
Holes Found in Cisco, Veritas, Samba Products (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Security sources announce four mostly unrelated enterprise vulnerabilities in Cisco Unity, Cisco Guard, Veritas' Backup Exec, and Samba, the Windows file-sharing utility for Linux.
Adams backs power-sharing plan Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams   recommends his party  accept proposals to revive power-sharing.
Board with Mukesh: Reliance Mumbai, Nov. 26: Mukesh Ambani apparently commands the full support of the board on all recent decisions, including the controversial one that elevated him to the final authority in the group.
NJ Transit Riders Get A  quot;Fare quot; Warning (1010 WINS) (NEWARK) NJ Transit #39;s executive director on Thursday said the agency #39;s 400,000 daily riders should expect fare hikes of up to 15 percent starting in July to offset a projected \$50 million deficit caused by higher fuel and security costs and
MSN Search Engine - Searching for ways to make Redmond rise again What would you do if you were tasked with designing a new search engine? You have all the resources the world can offer and the certain knowledge that your project is so important to your employer that mountains
Bangladesh seeks US intelligence cooperation Bangladesh is willing to sign a protocol with the United States to set up a joint working group like India and Pakistan did to enhance Dhaka #39;s capability to effectively deal with future terrorist acts in the country.
Firefox Browser Turns 1.0 as Browser Wars Re-emerge Mozilla released a Preview Release of version 1.0 of its new, lightweight browser, named Firefox, even as Web traffic metrics indicate that Microsofts Internet Explorer may be losing market share for the first time in many years.
Hamm flap, Dream Team just wrong ATHENS, Greece -- Look at it this way: At least the US basketball team won #39;t be asked to give back its gold medal. On a day that was Olympic in scope both for its shock value and its intrinsic weirdness, the
Palestinians do not need another tyrant YASSER Arafat is dead. A so-called moderate is now chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization. Elections to choose a Palestinian Authority president are scheduled in the West Bank and Gaza for early January.
N. Korea and U.S. Met Twice This Week (AP) AP - North Korea on Saturday said its U.N. diplomats met U.S. officials in New York twice in the past week but concluded that Pyongyang should hold off on nuclear negotiations until the U.S. administration changes its ""hostile"" policy toward the country.
Black Market in British Treasure Sold on EBay (Reuters) Reuters - Pieces of Britain's past, including a\second-century silver ring and a 500-year-old Tudor trade\weight, are among artifacts being peddled daily on the Internet\to the alarm of experts at the British Museum.
Hundreds trapped in Russia mine Five miners are killed by an explosion which leaves up to 240 trapped in a Siberian coal mine.
Economy Grows at a 3.7 Percent Rate in 3Q The US economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter - a pace that was slightly better than in the spring but not as strong as many analysts expected.
For BlackBerry Users, a New Way to Write While popular among financial-industry types, the BlackBerry is practically unknown to everyone else. RIM hopes to change that with its new model.
Microsoft braces for crucial TV test Comcast trials will provide a big clue about the software giant's prospects for cable success.
Celtics put it together NEW YORK -- In the wake of a second straight fourth-quarter collapse Friday night, coach Doc Rivers said,  quot;It just doesn't take a lot to distract us right now. quot;
Microsoft: Use Script to Block Windows XP SP2 Updates Microsoft has offered up yet another way for businesses to block the automatic update of Windows XP to the big-deal Service Pack 2 (SP2) upgrade.
Jury Orders Medtronic to Pay \$109 Mln to Inventor A jury in federal court in Tennessee has ordered Medtronic Inc. to pay at least \$109 million to an inventor in a dispute over rights to spinal fusion technology.
Ford to Repair Faulty Heated Seats in Focus Cars Ford Motor Co. said on Wednesday it will fix malfunctioning heated seats in 33,000 Focus cars, two-thirds of which were sold in Canada.
HEAP OF TROUBLE FOR RAVENS The Baltimore Ravens could be without one of their main offensive weapons for up to a month. Ravens coach Brian Billick said on Monday that two-time Pro Bowl tight end Todd Heap could miss two to four weeks with a severely sprained right ankle.
Corporate Failures Hurt Pension Guaranty Group Description: A flurry of corporate bankruptcies in the past few years leaves a public agency strapped for cash: the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
Final Score: NY Giants 14, Green Bay 7 Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - Kurt Warner threw a four-yard touchdown pass to Jeremy Shockey early in the fourth quarter to lift the New York Giants over the Green Bay Packers, 14-7, at Lambeau Field.
Chance to Measure Up During his 14 seasons as an NFL assistant and head coach, Virginia Coach Al Groh was often involved in the evaluation of college prospects.
Peru Rebel Chief Scores Publicity Coup in Court  CALLAO NAVAL BASE, Peru (Reuters) - Punching the air with a  fist and chanting rebel slogans, Peru's Shining Path founder  Abimael Guzman scored a propaganda coup on Friday and forced  his terrorism retrial to be postponed for a week.
AOL Properties Sign Girafa For Thumbnail Search Images AOL Properties Sign Girafa For Thumbnail Search Images\\Girafa.com Inc. announced today that the CompuServe, Netscape, AIM and ICQ properties of America Online, Inc., have signed an agreement with Girafa to use Girafa's thumbnail search images as an integrated part of their search results.\\Using Girafa's thumbnail search service, search users can ...
AU OKs more troops for Darfur; talks resume Sudan #39;s government and Darfur rebels are likely to restart talks Thursday as the African Union said it would increase its forces in the restive region.
PLO chief holds landmark talks in Damascus A high-ranking Palestinian Liberation Organization delegation led by Chairman Mahmoud Abbas held landmark talks with the Syrian leaders in Damascus Monday.
Small Fixes Can Pay Big Security Dividends Computer users could stop most viruses and cyber attacks by fixing a small number of common flaws, according to new research. Viruses, spam and distributed denial of service attacks could
Nowitzki, Mavericks Snap Timberwolves #39; Streak Dirk Nowitzki scored 23 of his 34 points in the second half as the Dallas Mavericks snapped the Minnesota Timberwolves #39; five-game winning streak 97-87.
Comcast part of group wanting to buy MGM A consortium led by Sony Corp. of America that includes Comcast Corp. has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Metro-Goldwyn Mayer Inc.
Paralympians stripped of medals for failing tests A visually impaired cyclist from Slovakia, competing in the men #39;s tandem event, was stripped of his silver medal and three weightlifters were slapped with two-year bans after testing positive for banned substances at the Athens
Alternative Energy: Ready or not? Even with a boost from higher oil prices and growing concern about global warming, the payoff on most alternative energy technologies seems a ways off.
HP Leaves the Chip-Making Business Hewlett-Packard is getting out of the chip-making business. The Palo Alto, California, company on Thursday announced that it reached an agreement with Intel that would see HP #39;s Itanium processor design team move to Intel in January.
Lacie announces external SATA harddrive, high-end LCD Lacie today introduced a new series of external harddrives with SATA interface at the SMAU trade show in Milan, Italy. The drives are available in capacities up to 400 GByte.
At Last, Success on the Road for Lions The Detroit Lions went three full seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL record for road futility. They ended that ignominious streak Sunday in their first opportunity of the season, beating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field...
Jays power up to take finale Contrary to popular belief, the power never really snapped back at SkyDome on Sunday. The lights came on after an hour delay, but it took some extra time for the batting orders to provide some extra wattage.
Dance pair out with injury Olympic ice dancing hopefuls Loren Galler-Rabinowitz and David Mitchell of the Skating Club of Boston will be sidelined for the remainder of the season because of a shoulder injury to Mitchell that will require surgery.
Bovina ends two-year wait Seventh-seeded Russian Elena Bovina won her first title in two years by beating France #39;s Nathalie Dechy 6-2 2-6 7-5 in the final of the Pilot Pen tournament.
NBA says it has no plans to change 3-point shot despite NBDL &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NBA has no plans to change its rules for the 3-point shot, though it will proceed with an experiment for its developmental league in which all field goals will be worth 2 points until the final five minutes of regulation and overtime.
Zingo keeps Manganese Bronze in red (FT.com) FT.com - Losses from its Zingo mobile phone cab-ordering service kept Manganese Bronze Holdings, maker of London taxis, in the red last year.
Arsenal matches record of 42 league games without a loss on Sunday Arsenal rallied for three second-half goals in 11 minutes on Sunday to beat Middlesbrough 5-3, matching a 25-year-old record of 42 league games without a loss in the top-flight of English soccer.
Divided S.E.C. Likely to Ask Hedge Funds for More Data A deeply divided S.E.C. is expected to approve rules requiring all but the smallest hedge funds to register with the S.E.C. and make their records available.
Allies discuss early revival of 6-way talks Washington #39;s top nuclear negotiator arrived in Seoul yesterday from China to brainstorm ways to jump-start the stalled six-nation disarmament talks on the North Korean nuclear standoff.
Philippoussis is humbled by Weiner SHANGHAI, China -- Defending champion Mark Philippoussis suffered a first round humiliation in the Shanghai Open, losing to unheralded American Glenn Weiner 3-6, 6-4, 6-4.
Cisco tightens security on voice products Cisco Systems announces an upgrade to its CallManager software to improve security on its IP telephony gear.
Mars water tops science honours The discovery that salty, acidic water once flowed across the surface of Mars has topped a list of the 10 key scientific advances of 2004.
Michigan regulators allow SBC to charge more for use of its &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; State regulators unanimously voted Tuesday to allow SBC Communications Inc. to charge competitors more to use its network, but it was unclear when, or if, that increase would be felt
Momentum shifted on Garcia's stellar play BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Oh, how Match No. 2 in yesterday's singles proved a fitting contrast in emotions in the final act of the 35th Ryder Cup Matches.
Mashburn #39;s season blocked by knee injury; may retire Barely more than a year removed from his best season, Jamal Mashburn is likely done playing in the NBA. Mashburn and the New Orleans Hornets announced Monday, a week before the opening
Flop in the ninth inning sinks Jays BOSTON -- The Toronto Blue Jays have had worse hitting games this season against lesser pitchers than Pedro Martinez.
Nothing Robotic About Robo-Art The ArtBots show in New York this past weekend proved that robots can wax artistic, too -- or at least carry out the instructions of their artistic creators. Cyrus Farivar reports from New York.
Safin tallest obstacle to host #39;s patriotic games hope AS tennis fans go, Houston #39;s Jim  #39;Mattress Mack #39; McIngvale is very rich, extremely forthright, exceedingly patriotic and unflinchingly Republican.
Pass defense lags behind Forget about No. 1 rankings. Another number will be tested this week when USC plays Colorado State. It #39;s a triple digit that bothered USC coach Pete Carroll each time he heard it last season.
Pacific Oil Link Is Best for Russia, Ambassador Says (Update1) Russia, the world #39;s second-biggest oil exporter, will benefit most from a Siberian crude oil pipeline to the Pacific rather than to China as energy resources are needed to develop the
Flat-screen TV prices are falling for holidays But trend provokes industry unrest; panel makers call for drop in retail markups to move units. By Evan Ramstad and Gary McWilliams.
PeopleSoft Chief Threatens to Sue Over Oracle Statements PeopleSoft's chief executive accused Oracle of spreading misleading information about his stock sales and threatened to sue for defamation.
Bug bites continue to plague the Net roundup Free-roaming source code breeds new Netsky pest. Also: From IE to Opera, browsers are a likely prey.\
Fidel Castro Back On His Feet The Cuban President this week, according to wire reports, stood unassisted for several minutes at a time while greeting Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, who paid a visit to the island earlier this week.
Rocky Legends; Tony Hawk's Underground 2; Nisus Writer Express 2.0; Surfsaver 6 This is the second Rocky video game in two years -- even though it's been 14 years since the last ""Rocky"" flick.
Update 2: Alitalia, Unions Sign Deal Alitalia signed a deal with eight of nine unions Friday to split the loss-making Italian airline in two - part of the company #39;s plan to stave off bankruptcy.
Most US homes have broadband connections While the total number of home internet users has reached a plateau in the US, those who do use the internet are adopting broadband at a rapid pace, according to Marc Ryan, senior director of analysis at the audience measurement company.
The Dollar Struggles Over Funding Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was weaker across the board  early in New York on Thursday, forging new lows on a growing  sense that the United States is struggling to fund its record  external deficits.
Pfizer to Sponsor Large New Celebrex Trial  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. said on Monday it plans to  sponsor a major clinical study to further assess the  cardiovascular safety of its arthritis drug Celebrex following  the withdrawal of Merck   Co.'s Vioxx, a drug in the same  class.
Mourinho happy after 3-0 win Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was delighted with his side #39;s performance in the 3-0 win in the Champions League against Paris Saint Germain.
Warne takes six but India establish handy lead (Reuters) Reuters - World test wicket record holder Shane Warne grabbed six wickets as India established a handy 141-run first innings lead in the second test on Saturday.
Motorola to Cut 1,000 Jobs, Take Charge  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment maker  Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday that it would cut 1,000  jobs and take charges of about \$50 million for severance  benefits as it tries to increase productivity.
Eleusis wins Long Island  #39;cap; Personal Legend wins Turnback the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Eleusis made a successful US debut by beating Literacy by 2\\ lengths in Aqueduct #39;s Saturday feature, the Grade II, \$150,000 Long Island Handicap for fillies and mares 3 and older.
Zambrano Out Early; So Are Mets ENVER, Aug. 17 - Victor Zambrano came to the Mets with radical movement on his pitches, fixable flaws in his delivery and a curious sore spot lingering around his right elbow.
First Look: iPod Brings Music to Your Photos (PC World) PC World - Apple's latest offers a brilliant color screen and photo capabilities, but the price is high.
Time Warner settles AOL investigations for \$510 million Time Warner will pay \$210 million to defer a Justice Department investigation into accounting irregularities at its Dulles-based America Online unit.
Princess Di's Ex-Bodyguard Disputes Claim (AP) AP - A former bodyguard of Princess Diana on Tuesday dismissed her claim that one of her lovers was ""bumped off.""
Japan Stocks Flat After Wall Street The Nikkei average was flat in mid-morning trade on Wednesday, bolstered by bargain-hunting of a number of blue-chip stocks after US stocks showed resilience despite a rise in oil prices to new highs.
Spam on the menu at annual virus conference BOSTON - Computer viruses and worms will have to share the stage with a new challenger for the attention of attendees at a conference of antivirus researchers: spam e-mail.
SEC Delays Reviews for Some Firms Securities regulators gave more than 2,000 public companies a brief reprieve from new rules requiring them to assess the strength of their financial safeguards.
Trade Gap Swells More Than Expected The US trade deficit widened nearly 9 percent in October to a record \$55.5 billion as sky-high oil prices helped propel imports into uncharted territory, the government said on Tuesday.
Microsoft Patches for ISA Server 2000 and Proxy Server 2.0 Microsoft has released bulletin MS04-039 reporting a security vulnerability in Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 and in Proxy Server 2.0, and has also announced the availability of the patches to resolve these issues.
London oil drops to \$40 a barrel The cost of a barrel of oil in London has dipped below \$40 as energy prices have continued to slide. The price of Brent crude in London fell to a three-week low of \$39.
Pakistan tests nuclear-capable missile ISLAMABAD - Pakistan test-fired a short-range missile capable of carrying nuclear weapons on Monday, and said more tests are planned.
New strain of Skulls Trojan hits smart phones Mobile phones running Symbian's Series 60 operating system are the target of a new strain of the Skulls Trojan horse program. The new Trojan comes with the Cabir.B worm, which, unlike the first version of the virus, can spread to other phones within reach of Bluetooth broadcasting range.
CVS Same-Store Sales Up 5.4 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drugstore chain CVS Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CVS.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said October sales at stores open at least a year rose  5.4 percent on higher demand for prescriptions and other  merchandise at its CVS stores.
AOL Adds McAfee to Bundle (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - America Online is adding a layer of security to its popular Internet\service with the bundling of virus protection software from McAfee at no\charge to customers. AOL (NYSE: AOL) claims it is the first ISP to offer premium\antivirus coverage in the basic membership package.
Bush and Kerry Trade Barbs in Fla., Ohio DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - The presidential candidates found new ways to go negative Saturday, President Bush accusing his Democratic challenger of putting politics ahead of the war on terror and Sen...
Alamosa to Buy AirGate for \$392 Million  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alamosa Holdings Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=APCS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;APCS.O&lt;/A&gt; will  acquire AirGate PCS Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PCSA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PCSA.O&lt;/A&gt; for \$392 million in stock  creating the largest Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt; wireless affiliate,  the companies said on Wednesday.
Japan Shares Up 2 Percent by Midday Japanese stocks rose 1.9 percent by midsession on Monday as a strong performance by US semiconductor-related stocks gave a push to Japanese peers such as Advantest Corp.
#39;Hawks primed to finally surpass Rams Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other games.
Powell to Japan; US Troops, N.Korea on Agenda Secretary of State Colin Powell will visit Tokyo for two days next weekend to discuss security and trade as well as stalled talks aimed at ending North Korea #39;s nuclear ambitions, Japanese officials said on Sunday.
Aussie ruling party leads in election polls, but gap narrows The government of Prime Minister John Howard had a narrow lead in opinion polls heading into the final week of campaigning ahead of the Australian federal election, but the opposition Labor party was narrowing the gap, according
Warner Gets the Nod The first pick in the NFL draft last April will be the first QB off the bench for the Giants as Eli Manning lost the competition for the starting job to veteran Kurt Warner.
Einstein Is Proved Right Again An experiment using two orbiting satellites has proved that as the Earth turns it drags space and time around itself, like a spinning top in treacle.
VeriSign #39;s Antitrust Claim Against ICANN Dismissed  quot;VeriSign #39;s contentions are deficient, quot; Judge Howard Matz wrote in the 16-page decision setting aside the antitrust claims against ICANN.
Yahoo! To Provide Traffic Updates As part of an effort to expand local content, Internet portal company Yahoo! Wednesday night began offering Web surfers information about current traffic conditions for the largest US metro areas.
Polygon shapes on Mars rock add to evidence of water Curious polygon shapes on the surface of Mars are among the latest evidence clearly suggesting the presence of water, and some of it may have appeared there even after the surface was bombarded by objects from distant space.
Africa brings Sudanese parties to the table as UN sanctions loom (AFP) AFP - The African Union will bring Sudan's warring government and rebel armies into talks with regional power-brokers aimed at heading off a mounting humanitarian crisis in the province of Darfur.
Agassi advances in Madrid, Henman eliminated Top seed Tim Henman suffered a 6-4,4-6, 6-2 defeat to Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the Madrid Masters on Thursday as Andre Agassi advanced to the quarter-finals with a 6-1,6-3 victory over Vincent Spadea.
Apple Recalls Flaming 15-inch PowerBook G4 Battery The affected batteries could overheat, posing a fire hazard. Apple received four reports of these batteries overheating. No injuries have been reported.
EU transport chief hails Alitalia accord (AFP) AFP - EU transport and energy commissioner Loyola de Palacio hailed the accord reached between Alitalia management and staff on a major restructuring plan aimed at keeping the struggling airline in the air.
Sachin ready for Nagpur Sachin Tendulkar will play in the third Test against Australia beginning Tuesday. That the master batsman has been declared fit to play in the Test was announced by physio Andrew Leipus of the Indian cricket team.
Energy Dept. funds open-source InfiniBand work Three-year project will back programmers' effort to build Linux software support for the high-speed networking technology.
Update: Intel shelves plans for 4GHz Pentium 4 Intel Corp. has confirmed its near-term plans for its desktop processors before it reaches the multicore era. The company will not release a 4GHz version of its flagship Pentium 4 product, having decided instead to realign its engineers around the company's new design priorities, an Intel spokesman said Thursday.
Radcliffe to Run in New York Marathon  LONDON (Reuters) - World marathon record holder Paula  Radcliffe believes she has put her failure at the Athens  Olympics behind her after announcing on Tuesday that she will  run in the New York marathon on November 7.
Greek School Bus Crash Kills Seven, Injures 24  KAMMENA VOURLA, Greece (Reuters) - A bus carrying school  students and teachers to the Athens Paralympic Games collided  with a truck in central Greece on Monday killing at least seven  people and injuring 24, officials said.
James May Play The man in the mask on Monday night may be Cleveland's LeBron James, who was fitted with a mask to protect his broken left cheek and might play in Charlotte.
Detainees seen as minimal threat WASHINGTON -- Most of the alleged Al Qaeda and Taliban inmates at the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are likely to be freed or sent to their home countries for further investigation because many pose little threat and are not providing much valuable intelligence, the facility's deputy commander has said.
Injury brings Brown down Troy Brown didn't play any defense against Carolina in Saturday night's exhibition game. Thing is, he didn't play much offense or special teams, either.
Five killed in suicide car bombing, three taken hostage in Iraq Violence raged on in Iraq on Friday, with five Iraqis killed in a suicide car bombing in Baghdad and three more Turkish drivers reportedly kidnapped.
Pirates named PROSECUTORS HAVE named those charged in one of the biggest pirate software seizures in US history. The two-year investigation, dubbed Operation Digital Marauder, resulted in  quot;one of the largest seizures of
Manchester United Beats Charlton 2-0 (AP) AP - Manchester United defeated Charlton 2-0 Saturday in the Premier League behind goals from Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes. Charlton did little to test United's defense before 67,704 fans, and the only surprise was that Man United didn't score more.
Dalai Lama Envoy Visits China for Autonomy Talks  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Dalai Lama's special envoy has  arrived in China for talks on the exiled spiritual leader's  aspirations for Tibetan autonomy, the third such visit in three  years, officials in Washington said on Tuesday.
Santander accelerates Abbey bid Santander says it aims to complete its takeover of UK mortgage lender Abbey one month sooner than originally planned.
Bosnian-Serb prime minister resigns in protest against U.S. sanctions (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina (AP) - The prime minister of the Serbian half of Bosnia resigned Friday, a day after the U.S. government and Bosnia's top international administrator sanctioned Bosnian Serbs for failing to arrest and hand over war crimes suspects to the UN tribunal.
Putin faults Georgia on  #39;90s tactics in 2 regions TBILISI, Georgia The separatist conflicts in Georgia resulted from the  quot;foolish quot; move by Georgia to strip South Ossetia and Abkhazia of their autonomous status during the Soviet collapse, President Vladimir Putin of Russia was quoted as saying on ...
Big Game Hunting Virginia, Navy and Maryland face season-defining games, perhaps &lt;em&gt;program-defining &lt;/em&gt;games for the Cavaliers and Midshipmen as they play against Florida State and Notre Dame, respectively on Saturday.
Cisco #39;s Perfigo Acquisition Delivers Policy Compliance To Channel In a move that targets the increased threats of worms and viruses to networked businesses, Cisco Systems Thursday said it will acquire privately owned endpoint compliance vendor Perfigo in a deal worth approximately \$74 million.
Senate approves tax relief bill for manufacturers The Senate today passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate tax package that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow-and-arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing US exporters in line with
S.E.C. Is Said to Examine Stock Pricing by Big Brokers The Securities and Exchange Commission is looking at brokerage firms suspected of failing to get customers the best stock prices, people briefed on the inquiry said.
Downing provides return on McClaren #39;s gamble IN A week in which one of their former players rechristened himself G8 to distance himself from the past, Middlesbroughs attempts to rewrite history took another step forward in Athens.
Pedro, GM welcome challenge that awaits The Boston Red Sox could offer Pedro Martinez the still-dizzying celebration of a city that he helped to a historic World Series championship.
Marlins Streak By Mets A four-day layoff fails to cool off the Marlins, who extend their winning streak to eight games by beating the Mets, 7-3.
Drivers set for mad dash at Richmond The grip on the steering wheel will be a little tighter, aggressions will run a little higher and emotions will be flowing stronger than ever.
US stocks up on durable goods news; chips down US stocks got a mild boost on Friday as government data showed better-than-expected demand in August for durable goods other than transportation equipment, but climbing oil prices limited gains.
Lakshmi Mittal is Britain #39;s richest man London: NRI business tycoon Lakshmi N Mittal, who is set to control the world #39;s largest steelmaker, has emerged as the richest man in Britain.
Halo 2 scores record sales of \$125 million in first 24 hours Halo 2 broke entertainment retail records in its first 24 hours. Microsoft Game Studios said that the video game sold through 2.4 million stores in the US and Canada raking in \$125 million in sales.
House passes bill to criminalize spyware fraud The House Thursday passed a bill that would criminalize the use of spyware to commit fraud or other crimes, adding an additional two to five years to federal sentences.
Florida Linebacker Charles Charged (AP) AP - Florida linebacker Taurean Charles was charged with aggravated battery and culpable negligence-infliction of injury Wednesday from a fight at an off-campus party in June.
Texas Instruments Plans Investment US-based chipmaker Texas Instruments Inc. said it will spend about US\$300 million (euro 240 million) over the next three years to increase output at its facilities in the northern Philippines.
China move on textile exports gets cautious response The US and the European Union responded cautiously yesterday to China #39;s surprise undertaking to impose duties on some textile exports, a step it said was designed to ensure a  quot;smooth
Spurs 107, Mavericks 89 Devin Brown sparked a fourth-quarter spurt with two three-point plays and two dunks, helping the San Antonio Spurs beat the Dallas Mavericks 107-89 Monday night to spoil the pseudo-coaching debut of Avery Johnson.
National Registry Push Could Ease Drug Study Hunt By LAURAN NEERGAARD     WASHINGTON (AP) -- Scientists are conducting thousands of medical experiments that can offer tantalizing hope to the ill, but tracking them down and getting enrolled can be incredibly difficult.    It might get easier, thanks to a growing push by doctors and lawmakers to force drug companies to list on a national registry every study they conduct...
Legal Loophole Inflates Profits in Student Loans The White House could have closed a loophole through which student loan companies are billing the federal government nearly a billion dollars, but chose not to.
A new Golden Girl It took only 49.41 seconds for Tonique Williams-Darling to etch her name in the annals of Bahamian history. Williams-Darling crossed the finish line
Iran Seeks to Amend Nuclear Freeze Deal (AP) AP - Iran sought on Wednesday to partially roll back its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment programs, demanding the right to run some equipment that can be used to produce nuclear arms.
Dollar General earnings up 19 percent CHICAGO (CBS.MW) - Discount retailer Dollar General reported a 19 percent rise in fiscal second-quarter earnings, helped by higher sales and lower charges.
McGrath identifies his targets Perth - Australia #39;s premier paceman Glenn McGrath - renowned for his pre-Test plans to target specific batsmen - said on Tuesday that captain Inzamam-ul-Haq and one-day run machine Yousuf Youhana were the keys to Pakistan #39;s batting lineup.
US confirms commitment to defend Taiwan Mr Powell says that while the US recognises the one-China policy, it will offer to assist Taiwan if it is threatened. A US State Department spokesman says the issue came up during talks with China #39;s visiting military chief, General Liang Guanglie.
Starting today, funds' stances on proxies are matter of record Every year, public companies put a number of questions before their stockholders for a vote. Investors weigh in on whether to reelect company directors, reappoint auditors, and approve or kill plans to give big stock option packages to senior executives.
Software Licensing Moving Toward Subscription, Utility Models (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Panelists at SoftSummit point to emerging alternatives to perpetual licensing but say the transition won't be easy.
Murphy Acquitted of Sexual Abuse Charges Basketball Hall of Fame member Calvin Murphy, left, sits in a courtroom as he waits for the start of closing arguments in his trial Monday, Dec. 6, 2004, in Houston.
Five killed, 30 hurt in Kashmir car explosion : India News  gt; Pattan/Srinagar, Oct.9 : A suicide bomber rammed a car packed with explosives into an army convoy in Kashmir today, killing four soldiers and a civilian and wounding 30 more, police said.
PayPal Technical Snafu Hits eBay Online Commerce Technical problems for online payment service PayPal are hampering e-commerce on the eBay online marketplace. The payment service, which is owned by eBay, has been experiencing problems since last Friday when
Brazil Tops Spain for Men's Gold in Beach Volleyball  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ricardo Santos and Emanuel Rego beat  Spain's Javier Bosma and Pablo Herrera 21-16, 21-15 on  Wednesday to bag Brazil's first men's Olympic beach volleyball  gold medal.
Hamm Pleads Case as the One and Only Champ is Olympic gold medal safe in his parents #39; Wisconsin farmhouse, lovingly tucked into a white gym sock, the gymnast Paul Hamm had one goal in mind when he boarded a plane for Europe last week: to remain the Olympic all-around champion.
McCain again opposes the president Global warming needs more attention, according to John McCain, and President Bush needs to lead the way. I listened to some of the hearings on this subject this week, and I must say the people testifying are
Gardner Loses Quest for Repeat Wrestling Gold US heavyweight Rulon Gardner lost his Olympic title Wednesday after being beaten in the semi-final stage of the 120kg Greco-Roman wrestling event by Georgiy Tsurtsumia of Kazakhstan.
Oil Prices, Earnings Send Stocks Lower NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks lower Tuesday as oil prices crossed another milestone, \$54 per barrel. Earnings reports from heavyweights Johnson   Johnson and Merrill Lynch   Co...
Deal in Congress to Keep Tax Cuts, Widening Deficit Republican and Democratic leaders agreed to extend \$150 billion worth of tax cuts sought by President Bush without trying to pay for them.
Pickup in US insurance sector sends stocks surging despite higher &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - A rally in the insurance sector helped take stock markets up sharply - and drove New York #39;s blue chip index to a triple-digit runup - despite higher oil prices and a further slowdown in US consumer confidence.
SAP Awarded \$35 Million Postal Service Contract The postal service, which employs more than a third of the civilian employees of the federal government, chose SAP after a multi-year evaluation, it said.
Treo 650 on Monday? \\The blogs  are buzzing  that the Treo 650 will be released on Monday.\\From Gizmodo:\\""Not only have they announced special ""news"" next Monday at the CTIA Wireless\Conference in San Francisco, earlier this week someone with PalmOne\accidentally sort of, you know, told me. I told them I'd keep quiet as long as\they did, but if they're going to go and announce it with a wink and a nod, I\think I've done my part.""\\If they do this right I'll be sporting a Treo 650 soon! \\Of course if this is true:\\""File it under hoping I'm wrong. Several reports have filtered in from people\who have had hands-on time with pre-release Sprint versions of the upcoming\Treo 650. These reports say that the Treo wi ...\\
EasyMobile launch set for March Denmark #39;s leading telecoms operator TDC says it will launch a low-budget mobile telephone operator dubbed  quot;easyMobile quot; with mobile network operator T-Mobile in Britain in March 2005.
Wolfpack, Canes Clash at Carter-Finley Since becoming NC State #39;s head football coach in January of 2000, Chuck Amato has endeavored to change the culture of a program that had rarely flirted with greatness.
Valencia need to play  #39;ugly #39; against Inter, says Albelda Valencia may have to ditch their new-found attacking style of football in favour of an  quot;ugly quot; defensive approach if they are to beat Inter Milan in the Champions League, according to club captain David Albelda.
Stuttgart Closing on Qualification VfB Stuttgart went clear at the top of UEFA Group G with a convincing 3-0 win over Portuguese giants Benfica. Brazilian striker Cacau put Matthias Sammers side ahead and further
US not to free female scientists : With time running out to save a British hostage in Iraq, US officials said today they were not about to free female Iraqi prisoners as demanded by an al Qaida ally whose group has already beheaded two Americans.
Unprecedented Peril Forces Tough Calls Like the ""war on terrorism,"" which it often intersected, President Bush's efforts against nuclear proliferation has followed many paths.
Delta to Cut 6,000-6,900 Jobs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines on Wednesday said it  plans to cut between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during the next 18  months, implement a 10 percent across-the-board pay reduction  and reduce employee benefits in a bid to avoid bankruptcy.
Yahoo! Hires Chief Data Officer In a move that has implications for ad targeting and reporting, Yahoo! has hired Usama Fayyad, a co-founder of the company now known as Revenue Science, to the newly-created position of Chief Data Officer.
In it for long run PASADENA, Calif. -- They no longer have to do any politicking for the national championship. They can simply play for it now.
Couch, Gildon, Levens Among NFL Cuts (AP) AP - Tim Couch's stay in Green Bay was short and unproductive.
Google Founders Selling Off Stock Google Founders Selling Off Stock\\Is this a sign that Google stack is overpriced? Or does it just mean that since there is so much interest in Google and its shares right now that the founders decided to sell off a big part of their holdings with the search engine. Dow ...
Discoverer of DNA Fingerprinting Has Concerns About Technology One morning 20 years ago, Alec Jeffreys stumbled upon DNA fingerprinting, identifying the patterns of genetic material that are unique to almost every individual. The discovery revolutionized everything from criminal investigations to family law.
Terror is below radar in Russia It took 2 days for Russia #39;s security service to announce what virtually everyone else believed from the moment two domestic passenger airlines plunged to earth simultaneously
Mass. auto rates to stay fairly steady next year The state insurance commissioner yesterday held auto insurance premiums fairly steady for next year while approving measures that could sharply increase the rates paid by inexperienced teenage drivers.
Holiday Stamps to Be Issued in Oct. (AP) AP - Holiday postage stamps celebrating Christmas, Hanukkah and Kwanzaa will be issued next month, the U.S. Postal Service announced Monday.
Phishing on the increase, group says (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Online phishing schemes increased significantly in October as financial institutions struggled to combat attempts to steal private account information from online consumers, according to the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG).
Britons still prefer fish n'chips (AFP) AFP - Traditional fish-and-chips along with cherished pub grub remain the dishes of choice for Britons outstripping Chinese or Indian take-aways.
Cisco invests \$12 million in Japan R amp;D center On Thursday, the company announced it will invest \$12 million over the next five years in a new research and development center in Tokyo.
Aids warning over bushmeat trade Meat from African wild animals being sold illegally in the UK is spreading a virus similar to HIV, a leading scientist warns.
Microsoft finalises three-year government deal Hot on the heels of its 10-year strategic partnership with the London Borough of Newham, Microsoft is close to signing a new broad three-year public sector agreement with the government.
Jets' offensive line takes control WALTHAM -- East Boston's Jimmy Yarde lived the lineman's dream Tuesday night, returning a fumble 70 yards for a touchdown. Yesterday, he ran with something even more significant.
Star Wars Battlefront; Sly 2: Band of Thieves; MacFamily Tree 4.0.6 Hearing a Jar Jar Binks-lookalike Gungan yell ""Meesa gonna die!"" as my droid tank shot him point-blank may have been the best part of this game.
NAIA Coach Nears Matching Smith's Total (AP) AP - Harry Statham thought he was making a temporary stop when he took over as McKendree College's basketball coach in 1966. His dream was to win a state high school championship, but jobs at the premier high schools were hard to come by, especially for a young coach. Statham figured if he could put a few successful seasons together at McKendree, his alma mater, he'd be able to land a better job.
Arafat's Health Reported to Have Turned Sharply Worse An ambulance was called to Yasir Arafat's compound amid unconfirmed reports that he had lost consciousness at least once.
Pollsters refuse to write off Australian PM despite lag in polls (AFP) AFP - Opinion polls give Australia's opposition Labor Party a big lead over Prime Minister John Howard's conservative government as campaigning begins for October 9 elections, but analysts say the real race is still too close to call.
California group sues Albertson's over privacy concerns A California-based privacy advocacy group is suing supermarket giant Albertson's over alleged privacy violations involving its pharmacy customers.
Foreign investors likely to bid for Yukos unit MOSCOW: Foreign investors may take part in the sale of assets in Russian oil major Yukos main production unit, which could be offered at a 60 price discount to settle back taxes, Russian television reported on Monday.
Nokia sees strong demand for smartphones and camera phones in 2005 Nokia has forecast that smartphone shipments worldwide are expected to increase to 238 million units by 2008, up from 23 million this year, according to Anssi Vanjoki, executive vice president and general manager of multimedia at Nokia.
Dell upgrades high-performance cluster line To boost performance for high-end users, Dell Inc. is upgrading its high-performance computing clusters by adding support for larger Topspin InfiniBand switches and PCIe host channel adapters.
Gates, Ballmer pay holds at about \$900,000 Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.
Indian inflation peaks on imports Indian inflation hits its highest level in more than three years, boosted by increasing energy and food costs.
US leads 2-0 in Davis Cup Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish served 19 aces to defeat Max Mirnyi in the second singles match 7-5, 6-2, 3-6, 6-3. Roddick #39;s serve in the final game of the match eclipsed his own record of 153 mph set at the Queen #39;s Club tournament in England in June.
Colgate Profit Falls on Higher Costs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said profit fell in the third quarter, as it warned  it would a month ago, because of increased marketing spending  and higher costs for raw materials.
Stocks Dip on Consumer Income Report News (AP) AP - An unsettling report on consumer incomes set off a spate of profit-taking on Wall Street Monday as investors worried that a tepid economy would erode companies' third-quarter earnings. Another drop in oil prices failed to shake the gloom from the market.
Cendant to Buy Orbitz for \$1.25 Billion  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Travel and real estate heavyweight  Cendant Corp. on Wednesday said it will buy travel Web site  Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion, making it the  second-largest competitor in the online travel industry.
Kim Captures 1-Shot Win at Longs Drugs (AP) AP - Christina Kim made a charge on the back nine Sunday, shooting a 6-under 65 at the Longs Drugs Challenge for a one-shot victory over Karrie Webb and her first LPGA win.
NetManage Looks to SOAs with Librados Buy NetManage (Quote, Chart) agreed to acquire privately held Librados for an undisclosed sum. The deal would give NetManage application adapters to help its Host Services Platform server applications via service
Iran leader reasserts arms views NEW YORK Iran #39;s foreign minister has said that his country will never give up its right to develop nuclear technology for peaceful use, though he denied any intent to produce nuclear weapons.
Lewis University Put on Probation (AP) AP - Lewis University of Division II was put on four years' probation for an array of infractions that included its men's volleyball team, which won a national title last year the school has since forfeited.
FIFA to investigate racism in Madrid Zurich, Switzerland (Sports Network) - FIFA will launch an investigation into the racist chants Spanish fans aimed at black English players during Wednesday #39;s friendly at the Bernabeu in Madrid.
US economy continues to expand in spite of rising energy prices &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US economy continued to expand in September and early October in spite of rising energy costs, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday in its Beige Book, a survey of business activity around the country.
Two US soldiers killed KABUL -- Two US soldiers died and another was injured when a bomb ripped through their patrol in southern Afghanistan yesterday. The troops were attacked near Deh Rawood, a town 400 km southwest of Kabul where
Israel Says Will Scale Back Gaza Offensive  JABALYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israel said on  Friday it was easing a crushing offensive that has killed more  than 100 Palestinians since tanks rumbled into northern Gaza 16  days ago to stop cross-border rocket attacks.
MCI to Take \$3.5 Billion Charge in 3Q Telecommunications firm MCI Inc. on Monday said it will take a hefty \$3.5 billion charge in the third quarter to impair property, equipment and intangible assets related to its consumer phone business.
Gold Fields loses high court bid to halt Harmony takeover South African mining giant Gold Fields lost a high court bid to halt a hostile takeover by rival Harmony Gold, which is seeking to create the world #39;s biggest gold producer, a court official said.
Japanese citizen reportedly taken hostage in Iraq The Islamic militant group of Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi reportedly claims to have taken a Japanese citizen hostage in Iraq. In a video shown on the Internet, the group threatens to execute him if Tokyo does not withdraw its troops from Iraq in 48 hours.
Bryant Jury Selection Behind Closed Doors (AP) AP - Prospective jurors in the Kobe Bryant rape case were asked their feelings on racial prejudice, interracial relationships, marital infidelity and justice for the rich and famous in an 82-item questionnaire released Monday.
Oil Prices Rise Despite US Move To Draw On Strategic Reserve NEW YORK, Sept 23 (AFP) - Oil prices edged closer to record territory Thursday as markets shrugged off news that the US government may draw from its strategic reserves to make up for shortages due to Hurricane Ivan.
Van Gogh #39;s murder brings out Holland #39;s contradictions The murder of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh by a young Muslim of Moroccan descent has shaken Holland to its very foundations. To most people, including the Dutch, the killing and its violent
Experts Push for More Computer Security Efforts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Computer-security experts, including  former government officials, urged the Bush administration on  Tuesday to devote more effort to strengthening defenses against  viruses, hackers and other online threats.
Red Sox need Arroyo Game 3 tonight in Fenway Park, but rain is forecast; Boston learns Schilling may be done for postseason. BY RONALD BLUM ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER.
O's Stuff Devil Rays Javy Lopez drives in four runs, Daniel Cabrera becomes the first rookie to win 10 games this season, and the Orioles hold Tampa Bay to two hits in an 8-0 victory Wednesday night.
Bonds distorts numbers and history I find myself privately hoping that Barry Bonds gets nailed. Is that bad? Is it un-American? He #39;s still innocent, you know, although less innocent than he was a few days ago.
US Stocks Fall, Cisco Leads Techs Lower Stocks fell on Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley (MWD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said quarterly profit fell, casting doubt on corporate profit growth, while a brokerage downgrade on Cisco Systems Inc.
Share price no basis for lawsuit COLLINS STEWART was the first company to try to base libel damages on a falling share price. Had the broker succeeded, it would have threatened the Financial Times with a huge liability - and
Mobile phone sales to beat fixed lines in 2004: report (AFP) AFP - Mobile phones are expected to generate more money this year than traditional fixed-line services for the first time due to surging demand in developing countries such as China, India and Russia, an annual industry report said.
US-European mission explores Saturn #39;s moon mysteries This Nasa image shows Saturn #39;s lonely moon Mimas (R) seen against the blue-streaked backdrop of Saturn #39;s northern hemisphere.
New Overtime Rules Take Effect New Bush administration rules that scale back overtime eligibility for white-collar workers took effect on Monday over protests that they would slash paychecks at a time of economic uncertainty.
Genome mapped of CO2-absorbing algae US scientists have charted the genetic map of a microscopic algae that absorbs huge amounts of greenhouse gases.  quot;These organisms are incredibly important in the global carbon cycle, quot; said Virginia Armbrust
Pitt can crash BCS with closing victory As if things weren #39;t bad enough for the Bowl Championship Series, it appears that Pittsburgh is going to represent the Big East with an 8-3 record.
Canucks Announce Partial Sale  VANCOUVER, British Columbia (Sports Network) - The  Vancouver Canucks Wednesday announced the sale of 50 percent of  the team and its arena, General Motors Place.
Exec, wife give Stanford \$43.5 million SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Berkshire Hathaway vice-chairman Charles Munger and his wife Nancy Munger on Thursday donated \$43.5 million to Stanford University and its law school.
Israel would not bar Arafat return after overseas treatment JERUSALEM, Oct 28 (AFP) - Israel will not bar ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat from returning to the West Bank if he were to leave for medical treatment, senior government spokesman Raanan Gissin told AFP Thursday.
AA takes soft option on cost cuts PENNY-PINCHING American Airlines is to remove the pillows from half its planes to save \$300,000 (163,000) a year. While the cost savings are small beer compared with the \$4bn a year American has slashed
Agassi bites the dust as Russian Safin sets up final clash with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID: Marat Safin defeated Andre Agassi 6-3, 7-6 yesterday to book a place in the Madrid Masters final against Argentina #39;s David Nalbandian.
Cisco Reaches High And Low NEW YORK - Cisco Systems is aggressively trying to build its presence in key growth markets, and it #39;s using both new products and new acquisitions to do it.
China warns Singapore officials against future visits to Taiwan (AFP) AFP - China has warned Singapore officials against visiting Taiwan again after a ""private and unofficial"" trip by the city-state's new leader just weeks before he took office strained ties with Beijing.
Owen starts as Real lose Michael Owen admitted Real Madrid are still looking for the right balance after they lost 1-0 at Espanyol in a bad-tempered game on Saturday.
Agassi advances in Madrid MADRID, Spain (Ticker) - Appearing in his first tournament since the US Open, Andre Agassi has not displayed much rust. The 34-year-old Agassi advanced to the semifinals of the Tennis Masters Madrid on Friday
Report: Bowa on His Way Out of Philly  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Larry Bowa will reportedly  be fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies at the end of  the season.
Chiron Won't Make Flu Vaccine, Stock Down  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The company that makes half the flu  vaccine used in the United States said on Tuesday it will not  supply any vaccine for the coming flu season because of  problems at its plant in Britain, throwing a major U.S. flu  drive into disarray.
It may be end of line for narrow track Hurricane forecasters debate the usefulness of the  quot;skinny line quot; in tracking maps, and look at more accurate alternatives.
iPod year #39;s hot gift One of the hottest holiday gifts this year is the Apple iPod, the digital-age equivalent of the Sony Walkman. The iPod, which stores music files downloaded from a computer
Stocks Open Flat, Waiting for Fed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Tuesday as  investors took another pause after last week's big rally, with  the Fed expected to raise interest rates a quarter point on  Wednesday.
Delhomme Questionable Against Cardinals (AP) AP - Carolina quarterback Jake Delhomme did not practice Wednesday and is questionable this week because of a broken bone in his right thumb.
Leinart, Bush, White and Peterson lead final 5 Four players whose teams are bound for the Orange Bowl dominate the Heisman Trophy finalist list, which was announced Wednesday evening on SportsCenter.
Wineries look to high court for change in shipping rules A customer asked vintner Leon Santoro this week if he could ship a case of wine to the customer #39;s home in New York. Not legally, replied Santoro, general manager of Orfila Vineyards  amp; Winery in Escondido.
IBM delivers Power-based servers with Linux IBM will push its Power5 line of servers down into the low end of the market, taking Linux with it, when it unwraps an aggressively priced series of Linux-only systems on Monday that will go up against the offerings of Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard
Apache Balks At Microsoft #39;s Licensing Demands For Anti-Spam &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; com. The Apache Software Foundation, developers of the popular open-source Apache web server, said on Thursday that it wouldn #39;t support the proposed anti-spam standard Sender ID, because the licensing terms set by Microsoft Corp.
American shoppers splurge in September WASHINGTON (AFP) - Shoppers -- the dynamo in the US economy -- shrugged off rising energy prices and splurged in malls and car showrooms in September, a government report showed.
Fannie Mae agrees to accounting changes Fannie Mae, facing questions about its accounting similar to those that shook up Freddie Mac last year, has agreed to changes that will bring it in compliance with accounting standards.
Ireland launches phone fraud crackdown In an effort to stop scams that cause unwitting Internet users to be charged premium rates for calls placed by software surreptitiously installed on their PCs, Ireland is going to block outgoing calls to 13 countries.
AMD pushes desktop performance with new chips Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) is expected to unveil its most powerful desktop processors to date on Tuesday, a few days after rival Intel Corp. disclosed changes to its desktop processor road map.
Jets, Pennington Talk The New York Jets and quarterback Chad Pennington are looking to finalize a contract extension by next Wednesday.
First Look: RemoteTV Offers Slick Media Streaming Belkin's latest product lets you effortlessly share digital content within the house, but is it lawful?
New air routes to more profits Major airlines can #39;t make their low-cost competitors disappear into thin air, but they can fly away from them, which they are planning to do, to overseas routes where bargain-basement carriers don #39;t go.
The Hunt for a Hybrid The Aug. 23 front-page article on the Toyota Prius vs. the Honda Civic implied that the main reason people prefer the Prius was its  quot;geek-chic look quot; and the image buyers want.
Ford to Return Electric Cars to Norway (AP) AP - Ford Motor Co. agreed to return about 300 Norwegian-built electric cars to the Nordic country after protests about plans to scrap them, the country's transport minister said Thursday.
G5, PISANU: EUROPOL PLAYS KEY ROLE AGAINST TERRORISM (AGI) - Florence, Italy, Oct.18 -  quot;EuroPol must play a key role in the struggle against terorrism quot; said Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu, illustrating the results of the G5 (Italy, UK, France, Germany, Spain) Interior Ministers meeting held today in
Florida deaths blamed on Hurricane Frances State and local officials Tuesday said nine people have died in Florida because of Hurricane Frances. The following describes those deaths: - A 15-year-old grandson and a former son
ITA: Juventus blows 2-goal lead againt Inter Milan Serie A leader Juventus wasted a two-goal lead in the second half and was held to a 2-2 draw by Inter Milan at San Siro on Sunday, losing ground to defending champion AC Milan.
Britain #39;s Olympic medal total takes sudden turn for the better Great Britain #39;s performances in the Olympic Games made a dramatic and unexpected improvement yesterday as they won a silver and three bronze medals. They were also guaranteed at least a silver medal in badminton #39;s mixed doubles.
US welcomes Sudan #39;s acceptance of expanded AU mission in Darfur The United States welcomed on Friday Sudanese official #39;s announcement to accept a larger AfricanUnion (AU) mission in the western region of Darfur and urged the speedy deployment of AU troops.
Cingular Sales Rise in Quarter, but Profit Falls 18 Percent By Bloomberg News. Cingular Wireless, which is buying AT amp;T Wireless, said yesterday that third-quarter sales rose 4.9 percent, to \$4.
Crowton Steps Down as BYU Football Coach  PROVO, Utah (Sports Network) - Gary Crowton has resigned  from his position as the head football coach at Brigham Young.
Red Sox, Schilling roll on BOSTON - The Boston Red Sox put themselves in great position for a run at the AL East-leading New York Yankees with a great homestand.
Gamecocks, Tigers brawl CLEMSON, SC South Carolina and Clemson duked it out in the closing minutes of today #39;s game at Clemson. Police, security and coaches tried to separate the teams, who scuffled before the game started and continually pushed and showed each other throughout.
Russia Next to get Windows XP Starter Edition The Windows XP Starter Edition Pilot program has expanded to add a fourth country, Russia, which now becomes the fourth market to join Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia.
Australia Airline Announces Fuel Surcharge Australian budget airline Virgin Blue announced Monday it will increase the fuel surcharge it adds to ticket prices from Aug. 26 because of soaring oil prices.
Scientist Uses Whey to Protect Food (AP) AP - Oxygen, water, seeping oils  #151; they're all out to get your food, turning sweet nuts sour and tasty confections rancid. Food scientist John Krochta is fighting back with an unlikely weapon, edible food coatings derived from whey, the dairy byproduct favored by protein-conscious athletes and Miss Muffet.
Congress Members Seek Officer's Dismissal (AP) AP - A group of congressional Democrats is asking President Bush to dismiss a senior military intelligence officer who made church speeches that included inflammatory religious remarks while discussing the war on terrorism.
Mind more free now Calcutta: Anil Kumble began the year looking to quickly reach 435. He got there (and went one better) in Dhaka on Friday afternoon, the opening day of the second last Test of 2004.
SEC may put end to quid pro quo (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to vote Wednesday to prohibit mutual fund companies from funneling stock trades to brokerage firms that agree to promote their funds to investors.
Clubbing Wet Seal A same-stores sales drop that's less crummy than expected can't fix this sick pup.
Putin signs up Russia for Kyoto pact The Kremlin said Putin signed a parliament bill late on Thursday confirming Russia #39;s ratification of the protocol. Both chambers of Russia #39;s parliament approved ratification of the pact last month after Putin pointed the way.
Cassini Spies Two Little Saturn Moons (AP) AP - NASA's Cassini spacecraft has spied two new little moons around satellite-rich Saturn, the space agency said Monday.
County unemployment drops to 3.7 percent SAN DIEGO - San Diego County #39;s unemployment rate was 3.7 percent in August, down from a revised 4.4 percent in July and 4.3 percent a year ago, the California Employment Development Department reported today.
Sox lose Kapler to Japan Outfielder Gabe Kapler became the first player to leave the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Yomiuri Giants in Tokyo.
Sorenstam maintains Florida lead Annika Sorenstam could only manage a level-par 72 on day three of the ADT Tour Championship in Florida but it was enough to maintain a one-stroke lead.
Pay Adviser Talks of Role in Ovitz Deal The outside adviser who helped draft the 1995 employment agreement for the president of Walt Disney, Michael S. Ovitz, testified on Tuesday that he had reservations
Microsoft releases fix for SP2-adware clash Microsoft has released a critical update for Windows Service Pack 2, designed to resolve an installation problem with a piece of adware -- but it maintains that the update isn #39;ta patch.
Microsoft to make foray into online music (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Microsoft makes its long-anticipated entry into the online music market today, marking the first serious challenge to Apple Computer's popular iTunes service.
British sailors bag bronze Britain's Chris Draper and Simon Hiscocks win bronze in a tense final 49er race on the Saronic Gulf.
Collingwood anchors England (AFP) AFP - Paul Collingwood's unbeaten 80 took England to 299 for seven against Zimbabwe in their opening Champions Trophy Pool D match at Edgbaston here.
For starters, Giants #39; Manning on mark Manning had a decent debut as a starter, but Delhomme overshadowed the No. 1 pick in the NFL Draft by throwing for a touchdown and running for another in the Carolina Panthers #39; 27-20 exhibition victory last night over ...
Eichel Wants Strong Euro on G20 Agenda German Finance Minister Eichel called for the euro #39;s  quot;brutal quot; rise versus the dollar to be put on the agenda of the summit of G20 countries in Berlin this weekend amid concerns the greenback #39;s slide could hit EU growth.
Security Council group named The UN has chosen Argentina, Denmark, Greece, Japan and Tanzania as the five states to become non-permanent members of the Security Council next year.
Israeli Fighters Force Lufthansa Jet To Cyprus Israeli jet fighters forced a Lufthansa passenger plane bound for Tel Aviv to land in Cyprus on Tuesday due to a bomb threat. Lufthansa said it had not judged the threat to be serious but that Israel had insisted
Gerrard available for Reds Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard believes he is ready to make his comeback against Middlesbrough at the weekend following a two-month injury lay-off.
The Lowdown on Downloading Music The digital music space is changing, with more songs and a growing number of places to download music legally. Realizing that the time was ripe to see how we were doing, I took some song recommendations and sat down to see what I could download.
Mesic Set to Recapture Croat Presidency (Reuters) Reuters - Croatia's liberal President Stjepan\Mesic looked set to win a second term in elections on Sunday,\exit polls released by state television showed.
KMart Names Yum Marketing Maven as CEO  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  named a new president and chief executive in a move that could  signal the start of a campaign to revamp the discount  retailer's image.
For Guidant, J amp;J #39;s resources sealed the deal After lengthy talks and stiff negotiations over price, the decision by Guidant executives to sell the company for \$25.4 billion came down to the attractiveness of Johnson  amp; Johnson #39;s deep resources.
Ex-Bush Official on Cybersecurity Returns (AP) AP - Howard Schmidt, a highly regarded technology executive who was former special adviser to President Bush for cybersecurity, is returning to work with the Homeland Security Department on efforts to protect the nation's computer networks.
Sony Announces the Clie VZ90 Handheld For Japan Sony Japan has released a new Clie for the Japanese market only. The Clie PEG-VZ90 is a Palm OS multimedia Clie handheld, that features a large OLED screen, slider hidden buttons, plentiful memory and WiFi.
Disney takes sides in battle for next generation DVD Hollywood movie powerhouse Walt Disney has taken sides with Japans Sony Corp in a bitter battle between studios to define a technical standard for next generation DVDs, it said.
Eagles 27, Giants 6 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ - The Philadelphia Eagles won a fourth consecutive NFC East title by making Eli Manning look very much like a rookie.
Halliburton suffers loss on asbestos claims HOUSTON -- Oilfield services giant Halliburton Co. on Tuesday swung to a loss in the third quarter ended Sept. 30, hurt by hefty charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.
Top US spammer is bound for the slammer Washington - A man convicted of violating anti-spam laws by sending out tens of thousands of unsolicited emails using fake addresses faces nine years in prison in Virginia, authorities said on Thursday.
Nokia announces Near Field Communication products With the Nokia NFC (Near Field Communication) shell on their phone, consumers will be able to access a variety of services and exchange information with a simple touch gesture.
Study: Return of Wolves Changes Ecosystem (AP) AP - Scientists studying the broader effects of wolf reintroduction said a growing body of evidence suggests that killing off predators such as wolves and grizzly bears in the last century started a cascade of effects that threw ecosystems out of balance.
Study Ranks St. Louis as Fourth Most Dangerous City A new study ranks St. Louis as the fourth most dangerous city. Camden, New Jersey came in first, followed by Detroit and Atlanta. The rankings are in Morgan Quitno #39;s  quot;City Crime Rankings, quot; an annual reference
Liu brings China 4th gold in weightlifting at Athens Games ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Chinese Hercules Liu Chunhong Thursday lifted three world records on her way to winning the women #39;s 69kg gold medal at the Athens Olympics, the fourth of the power sport competition for China.
Prototype copter-cam: Here, there, everywhere It can only remain aloft for three minutes but weighs less than an empty soft drink can -- and it can take and transmit pictures in flight.
UCLA, Notre Dame Win Soccer Matchups (AP) AP - UCLA soccer coach Jillian Ellis was happy to beat her best friend, Princeton counterpart Julie Shackford. After all, a spot in the NCAA championship game was on the line.
Utah Hires Whittingham to Replace Meyer (AP) AP - Utah defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham was hired as the school's football coach to replace Urban Meyer.
An Old Church's New Tilt Inspires Tourists and T-Shirts A humble church has something Germany's glorious Cologne Cathedral cannot match: a leaning tower.
Sinn Fein Says N.Irish Deal Nears; No Bush Call (Reuters) Reuters - The leader of Sinn Fein, Northern\Ireland's main Catholic party and the political ally of the\Irish Republican Army (IRA), said Sunday he believed his\Protestant rivals were ready to agree to a peace deal.
Darfur rebels reject Khartoum bid to split them ahead of talks (AFP) AFP - Ethnic minority rebels in Darfur have rejected an attempt by the Sudanese government to divide them ahead of a new round of peace talks in Nigeria later this month, a Khartoum daily reported.
Vijay around, Tiger not yet out of woods The sun was setting when Vijay Singh, Fijian golfer of Indian origin, birdied the 18th here, and it seemed like a sign that Tiger Woods days as the worlds number one player may be fading.
Japanese baseball players set to strike Japanese baseball players will strike for the first time if owners proceed with a proposed merger of two teams, the players #39; union said Monday.
Parties call for postponement of elections Despite a new call Friday for a postponement of the Iraqi elections, President Bush said he hopes they still go forward. Seventeen political parties say the election should be put off for at least six months
Kerry Dispute Revives Memory of Delta War (AP) AP - The controversy over the Vietnam war record of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has trained a fresh light on one of that conflict's lesser-known episodes  #151; the operations of America's ""Brown Water Navy"" in rivers, canals and mangrove swamps of the Mekong Delta.
Robson  #39; Massively Disappointed #39; at Newcastle Exit Departing Newcastle boss Sir Bobby Robson has spoken of his regret at not being able to complete his mission after being relieved of his duties today.
Smart phones to make up 16 of market LONDON-A new study shows that the market for smart phones will continue to increase during the next several years, with global shipments growing from 14.
Can't Hide Your Lying ... Face? In search of the ultimate lie detector, researchers turn to thermal facial scans, brain wiring and eyeball tracking. But deception still, well, deceives. By Randy Dotinga.
Chicago Bulls Silence Utah Jazz, 101-99 (AP) AP - Ben Gordon scored a career-high 22 points, including four free throws in the final minute, to lead the Chicago Bulls past the Utah Jazz 101-99 Wednesday night to avoid an 0-10 start that would have been the worst in franchise history.
Bucks Edge Pistons 96-90 (AP) AP - Michael Redd scored 20 of his 29 points in the second half, Keith Van Horn added 20 points and the Milwaukee Bucks ended a six-game losing streak with a 96-90 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night.
Nigerian oil flows despite rebel threat-companies Oil should continue to flow from Nigeria, the world #39;s seventh largest exporter, despite a rebel threat to attack foreign oil workers in an  quot;all-out war quot; due to start on Friday, multinational energy companies said.
Zimbabwe Jails Briton for 7 Years in Mercenary Case  HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwe court jailed British former  special services officer Simon Mann for seven years on Friday  in a case prosecutors had linked to a foiled coup plot in  oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Gaza Clean-Up Operation after Israeli Withdrawal Palestinians retrieved belongings from the rubble of dozens of homes and work crews patched up roads and water pipes today - the aftermath of Israels 17-day military offensive, the deadliest in the Gaza Strip in four years of fighting.
Al-Qaeda Group Kills a Second US Hostage in Iraq (Update3) An Iraqi group linked to al-Qaeda killed a second US hostage, Jack Hensley, and threatened to kill a British hostage unless Iraqi women detainees are freed, the group said on its Web site.
Francis Nixes Hurricanes' Front Office Job (AP) AP - Ron Francis turned down a front-office job with the Carolina Hurricanes and is still deciding whether he wants to continue his playing career.
After Waiting a Long Time, Davenport Keeps It Short he weather played havoc with the United States Open schedule yesterday, but it did not affect Lindsay Davenport #39;s game. In front of a sparse crowd of no more than several hundred people at
Net firms: Don't tax VoIP The Spanish-American War is over and a ""temporary"" tax created to pay for it should not be extended to Internet phone calls, industry groups tell the IRS
Something Positive in Zanu Pf BELIEVE it or not, I still have personal friends who are ardent Zanu PF supporters with whom I socialize now and then. With one of them however, our political differences were beginning to affect our personal relationship.
Militant Rivals Show Unity Behind Arafat (AP) AP - The militant Palestinian group Hamas said Friday it was setting aside its differences with ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and called for a united Palestinian leadership to work toward general elections.
Marshall carries W. Va. to victory The senior quarterback rushed for 110 yards, threw for a touchdown and even punted a quick kick in the Mountaineers #39; 31-19 victory over Connecticut last night.
Motorola to Cut 1,000 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment maker  Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Tuesday that it would cut 1,000  jobs and take related charges of about \$50 million to focus on  its wireless business.
No. 13 LSU 51, Mississippi State 0 Alley Broussard ran for a career-high three touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and No. 13 LSU held Mississippi State to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51-0 victory Saturday.
Hologram labels in Nokia batteries New Delhi: To help customers identify original Nokia batteries from the counterfeit ones, Nokia has introduced hologram labels with authentication codes in all its new batteries.
Israeli Held Meetings With U.S. Analyst (AP) AP - A senior Israeli diplomat in Washington has met with a Pentagon analyst being investigated by the FBI on suspicion he passed classified information to Israel, Israeli officials confirmed Monday.
Rebels in Battered Congo Town Declare Victory (Reuters) Reuters - Rebel soldiers confronting\army loyalists near this deserted Congolese farming town\declared victory on Friday after clashes that stirred fears of\fresh violence in turbulent central Africa.
Sri Lanka raise England #39;s spirits In their opening match of the Champions #39; Trophy, Sri Lanka did little to suggest they have the wherewithal to knock England out of the tournament at the Rose Bowl on Friday.
Transactions BASEBALL Cincinnati (NL): Announced OF John Vander Wal declined an outright assignment and elected free agency. Cleveland (AL): Designated INF Ivan Ochoa, P Jake Robbins, and OF Ernie Young for assignment. Montreal (NL): Declined to exercise its 2005 option on C Einar Diaz; assigned OF Matt Cepicky outright to Edmonton (PCL). Oakland (AL): Claimed P Tim Harikkala off waivers from ...
Google Woos Froogle UK Shoppers  quot;We developed Froogle UK so that online shoppers could quickly and easily locate the products they are looking for, from the most obscure to the most popular, quot; Google Engineering Director Cosmos Nicolaou said in a statement.
German court rules out Barbie monopoly (AFP) AFP - Germany's federal court of justice ruled against giving Barbie a monopoly in the themed doll market, saying that a German rival called Steffi Love had every right to compete with her.
Adobe Adds Yahoo Search Bar to Acrobat Yahoo may glow in the halo effect of the popular Adobe Acrobat Reader, installed on more than 500 million computers. At 274 million users, Yahoo will leverage the partnership to try to oust
Yukos files for US bankruptcy protection Russian oil giant Yukos Wednesday filed for US bankruptcy protection in attempt to stop the forthcoming auction of its major asset Yuganskeneftegaz, accordingto the Interfax news agency.
Novell reshuffles biz for Linux focus Novell is reorganising its business to focus on two key areas - Linux and identity management. The networking software firm #39;s Nterprise and Linux operations will be folded into a Platform and Application Services group CRN reports.
Google Stock Falls on Outlook - Analyst  NEW YORK/CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. fell  almost 9 percent on Friday after an analyst forecast a sharp  drop in the price over the next 12 months as the Internet  search company grows more slowly.
Mayor sure of ballpark support DC Mayor Anthony A. Williams said yesterday he is  quot;very confident quot; that he has the seven necessary votes from the DC Council for his plan to build a ballpark near South Capitol Street Southeast.
Aussies battle EU over cheese, champagne AP - The United States and Australia have prevailed in an interim ruling by World Trade Organisation (WTO) in a dispute over the protection given by the European Union to its regional goods such as Champagne wine and Feta cheese, trade officials said.
No Sign Yet of Predicted Big California Earthquake (Reuters) Reuters - The clock is running out on a\highly publicized prediction that a major earthquake will rip\through Southern California by Sunday.
Hewitt, Davenport Top US Open Standings (AP) AP - Lleyton Hewitt and Lindsay Davenport could earn up to  #36;500,000 extra at the U.S. Open because they finished atop the inaugural US Open Series standings.
NOVA, BP to Form Joint Venture NOVA Chemicals Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to form a joint venture with BP PLC to manufacture and market styrenic polymers in Europe.
Disgraced Greek sprint pair charged Kostas Kederis and Ekaterini Thanou, the sprinters who brought shame on Greece on the eve of the Olympics, are facing the end of their careers after being charged with missing a drug test and faking a motorcycle accident.
Competitions Foster Next Generation Of Linux Talent IBM #39;s Linux Scholar Challenge is one of a few programs to drum up enthusiasm among students worldwide in Linux and open-source software.
Chechnya's New Leader Knows He's a Rebel Target GROZNY, (Reuters) - Chechnya's pro-Kremlin leader was sworn in as president of the turbulent Russian region Tuesday and acknowledged immediately he was a prime target for assassination by separatists.
Afghan-Coalition Soldiers Kill 3, Wound 2 at Checkpoint Coalition forces in Afghanistan say that three people were killed and two others critically wounded when their pickup truck tried to run a checkpoint in the province of Ghazni.